wix-protos-catalyst-one-app-session-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-one-app-state, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-pages-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-photo-sharing-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-photo-sharing-facade-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-photo-sharing-tpa-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-prime-portal-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-proto-elastic-repository-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-proto-woa-mobileapplications, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-reactions-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-reactions-eap, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-rich-content-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-server-ui-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-sitemorphosis-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-social-activities-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-social-content-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-social-content-common-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-social-content-management-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-social-content-state, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-social-content-testing-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-social-feed-server-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-test-activities-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-test-apps-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-test-commons-json-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-test-content-streams-repository-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-test-context-callbacks-e2e-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-test-db-chauffeur-test-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-test-draftjs-test-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-test-hermes-proxy-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-test-test-dbchauffeur-grpc, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-test-thinner-grpc-test-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-topics-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-universal-links-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-catalyst-user-metasites-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-chat-chat-binary-codec-scala, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-chat-chat-notifications-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-chat-presence-presence-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-chat-projection-chat-projection-engine-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-chat-read-chat-read-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-buildkite-buildkite-trigger, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-buildkite-webhooks-buildkite-webhook-adapter, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-flaky-tests-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-gcb-gcb-build-executer, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-gcb-gcb-invoker, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-gcb-gcb-pubsub-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-gcb-gcb-pushtak-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-gcb-virtual-mono-repo-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-gh-api-devex-gh-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-labeldex-labeldex-admin-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-labeldex-labeldex-labels-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-labeldex-labeldex-symbols-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-labeldex-labeldex-ui, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-publisher-api-publisher-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-publisher-e2e-publisher-test-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-publisher-maven-maven-publisher-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-result-store-stress-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-vmr-starlarker-vmr-starlarker-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ci-wix-lifecycle-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-cloud-autocms-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-cloud-cloud-data-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-cloud-cloud-data-packaging-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-cloud-cloud-data-spi, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-cloud-cloud-data-testkit, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-cloud-cloud-docstore-police-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-cloud-cloud-test-externaldb, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-cloud-cloud-traffic-director-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-cloud-data-kms-data-kms-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-cloud-data-schema-notifier, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-cloud-monitoring-loom-test-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-columbus-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-com-google-googleapis-client-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-common-da-capture-bookings-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-common-da-capture-members-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-common-exception-attribute-extractors-testapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-common-laboratory-server-testkit-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-common-lookache-loom-integration, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-common-network-latency-sampler-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-common-network-latency-sampler-loom, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-common-scala-automapper-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-common-sdl-core, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-common-sdl-poc-poc, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-commons-server-ecom-platform-common-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-common-suspicious-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-common-wix-laboratory-server-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-common-wix-petri-bo-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-common-wix-petri-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-common-wix-user-experiments-end-to-end, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-common-wix-user-experiments-management-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-communities-blog-importer-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-communities-communities-blog-api-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-comm-wixpress-wixplorer-bazel-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-com-wix-bookings-waiting-list-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-com-wix-catalyst-stasher-stasher, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-com-wix-comments-comments-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-com-wix-ecom-shipments-localdelivery-wix-ecommerce-shipments-local-delivery-web, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-com-wix-ecom-totals-calculator-totals-calculator, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-com-wixpres-vi-gifttt-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-com-wix-wixcode-wix-code-bo-events-integration-testkit, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-com-wix-wix-time-capsule-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-concurrent-editing-watcher, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-contacts-contacts-allocator-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-contacts-contacts-attachments-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-contacts-contacts-export-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-contacts-contacts-features-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-contacts-contacts-fields-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-contacts-contacts-filters-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-contacts-contacts-import-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-contacts-contacts-labels-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-contacts-contacts-locator-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-contacts-contacts-media-gateway-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-contacts-contacts-namespaces-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-contacts-contacts-readonly-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-contacts-wix-contacts-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-contacts-wix-contacts-metadata-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-content-provider-content-provider-spi, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-contexttoken-context-token, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-corechat-chat-dynamo-migrator, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-crm-automations-crm-automations-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-crm-email-tracking-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-crm-financial-common-crm-financial-common-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-crm-financial-invoices-crm-financial-invoices-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-crm-financial-price-quotes-crm-financial-price-quotes-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-crm-financial-settings-crm-financial-settings-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-crm-framework-loom-protos-crm-common, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-crm-instagram-instagram-integration-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-crm-notes-notes-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ctoo-ctoo-poc-tasks-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ctoo-graal-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ctoo-poc-graal-almost-loom-prime, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ctoo-poc-graal-basic-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ctoo-poc-graal-lp-js, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ctoo-profanity-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ctoo-tasks-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ctoo-tasks-nodecar-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-currency-site-settings-currency-site-settings, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dal-wix-dal-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-data-dryrun, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-data-pii-synchronizer-data-pii-synchronizer, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dealer-wix-dealer-webapp-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-decelerator-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-demo-my-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-deployment-config-processor, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-deployment-deployment-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-aapp-service-versions-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-apppayouts-app-payouts, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-apps-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-apps-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-appservice-app-service-runtime, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-apps-v2-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-apps-v2-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-assets-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-appservice-backoffice-app-service-backoffice, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-cache-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-cache-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-categories-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-categories-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-companies-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-companies-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-components-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-components-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-components-bo-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-components-bo-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-components-type-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-developers-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-developers-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-extensions-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-extensions-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-external-translations-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-internal-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-listing-info-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-listing-info-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-listing-info-v2-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-listing-info-v2-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-migration-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-migration-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-namespace-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-namespace-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-payouts-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-payouts-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-permissions-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-permissions-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-pricing-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-pricing-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-shareurl-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-shareurl-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-teams-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-teams-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-translation-data-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-translation-data-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-translations-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-translations-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-versions-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-webhooks-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-service-webhooks-api-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-app-stats-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-market-marketplace, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-payouts-payouts, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devcenter-webhooks-logger-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devex-bazel-repo, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devex-custom-metrics-alerts, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devex-deployment-config-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devex-devex-user-notifier, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-devex-user-notifier-devex-user-notifier, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dima2-dima-kickstart-platformization, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dima-dima-kickstart-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-diners-diners-discovery-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dmytriim-testproject1-dmytriim-test-project, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-domainevents-webhook-automation, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-double-opt-in-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ds-ds-classification-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ds-ds-monitor-service-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ds-ds-oto-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ds-ds-site-classification-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-datastore, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-datastore-cdc, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-data-streams-testapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-data-streams-testapp2, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-data-streams-testapp3, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-fake-greyhound-sidecar-user-admin, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-greyhound-admin-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-greyhound-gh-main-dc-producer, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-greyhound-greyhound-producer, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-greyhound-scavenger, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-greyhound-sidecar-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-greyhound-sidecar-testkit, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-greyhound-wix-base-wix-testapp-zio, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-kvstoregw-kv-store-gateway, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-kv-store-policy-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-loom-future-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-loom-zio-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dstore-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dstore-backups-scheduler-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dstore-scheduler-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dstore-testkit, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ds-tpa-integrator-tpa-integrator, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-raven-control-raven-control, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-raven-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-scavenger-flusher, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-telemetry-counters-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-topic-migration-orchestrator, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-topics-topic-config-watcher, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dst-wix-testapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dwh-common, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dx-catalogserver-dx-catalog-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dx-dx-catalog-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dx-platform-dxserver-dxserver, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dx-server-build-companion-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-dx-server-definition-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecom-back-in-stock-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-coupons-sdl, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-ecom-platform-common-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-fake-shipping-rates-fake-rates-provider, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-test-e2e-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-cart-abandonment-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-cart-services-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-catalog-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-catalog-spi, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-catalog-wixsearch-indexer, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-commons-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-fulfillment-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-inventory-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-inventory-updater-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-orders-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-plans, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-platform-checkout, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-shipping-rates, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-shipping-rates-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-shipping-services, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-store-settings-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-subscriptions, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecommerce-wix-ecommerce-tax-web, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecom-shipments-localdelivery-wix-ecommerce-shipments-local-delivery-web, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecom-wix-ecommerce-shipments-local-delivery-web, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecom-wix-ecom-orders, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ecom-wix-ecom-orders-proxy, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-editor-editor-document-store, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-email-subscriptions-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-email-template, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-erezbe-contactus-erezbe-some-to-prod, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-esb-esb-configuration-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-esb-resolver-esb-configuration-resolver, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-esb-resolver-proxy-esb-resolver-proxy, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-esb-runtime-esb-runtime-engine, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-events-wix-events-bg-service-store-schema, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-events-wix-events-platform-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-events-wix-events-protobuf, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-example-bootstrap-callscope, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-example-bootstrap-threadlocal, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-example-hello-wix-slava-nimrod, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-example-helpers-helpers, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-example-infra-infra, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-example-kvstore-kvstore, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-example-kvstore-prime-kv-store, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-example-prime-visibility, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-example-rpc-options, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-example-secondary-services-secondary-services, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-example-something-to-tpa-start, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-example-timecapsule-prime-timecapsule, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-example-timecapsule-testapp-time-capsule, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-example-timecapsule-time-capsule, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-experts-feedback-feedback-materialized-view, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-experts-feedback-feedback-ng, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-experts-loyalty-server-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-experts-partners-account-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-experts-partners-accounts-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-experts-partners-dashboard-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-experts-partners-partners, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-experts-partners-properties-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-experts-partnerssettings, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-experts-partners-settings-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-experts-revshare-rev-share-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-experts-settings-partners-settings, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-exposure-albums-albums-prime-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-exposure-albumserver-albums-server-prime, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-exposure-art-store-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-exposure-logo-builder-server-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-exposure-mediacollections-media-collections, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-exposure-media-collections-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-exposure-pro-gallery-editor-proto-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-exposure-pro-gallery-proto-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-external, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-firebase-firebase-integration-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-formbuilder-aftereffects-form-builder-aftereffects, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-formbuilder-wix-form-builder-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-formbuilder-wix-form-builder-core, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-forum-business-forum-business-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-forum-notificationsdigest-notifications-digest-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-forum-notifications-digest-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-config-config-echo, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-config-framework-config-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-config-loom-info-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-errors, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-hello-wix-loom-prime, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-ignasl-whishlist-wishlist-ignasl, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-lite-embedded-json-rpc-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-loom-api-gateway-client, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-loom-application, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-loom-cassandra, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-loom-datasource, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-loom-greyhound, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-loom-guava-cache, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-loom-health, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-loom-info, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-loom-info-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-loom-logging, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-loom-mongo, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-loom-mysql, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-loom-prime-defaults, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-loom-testapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-protos-schema-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-protos-schema-service-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-rpc, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-testapp-trakcking-consent-laboratory-it, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-test-errors-infra, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-test-generic-wrappers, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-framework-wix-logstash-encoder-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-frankenstein-example-frankenstein-example, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-fw-wishlist-wishlist-vilius, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-gatewayserver-testapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-gdpr-service-notifier-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-grand-messenger-grand-messenger, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-greyhook-webhooks-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-greyhound-es-testapp-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-greyhound-greyhound-admin, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-greyhound-greyhound-testapps, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-groups-social-groups-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-groups-social-groups-proto-events, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-grpc-extensions, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-grpc-jackson, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-grpc-json-rpc-client, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-grpc-json-rpc-idl-testapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-grpc-rest, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-grpc-rest-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-grpc-scalapb-fieldmask-merge, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-grpc-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-grpc-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-grpc-testapp-idl, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-harvester-testapp-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-hotels-hotels-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-hotels-ical-hotels-ical-sync, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-html-renderer-service-grpc-wix-public-html-renderer-webapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-identification-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-immigrator-immigrator-data-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-immigrator-immigrator-tasks-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-immigrator-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-inbox-crm-inbox-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-inbox-labels-inbox-labels-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-inbox-offlinechannels-offline-channels-migrator, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-api-sdl-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-core-sdl-core, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-cursor-sdl-for-node, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-dbtest-db-config-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-dbtest-trafficgen-db-config-trafficgen, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-harvester-client-uou, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-harvester-example, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-node-sdl-for-node, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-playground-sdlplayground, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-sdlexampleapp-sdlexampleapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-service-sdl-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-trafficgen-sdltrafficgen, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-wishlist-dafnast-wishlist-dafnast1, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-wishlist-illiad-wishlist-illiad, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-wishlist-savva-wishlist-savva, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-wishlist-wishlist, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-wishlist-wishlist-avitaln, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-infra-sdl-wishlist-wishlist-donatask, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-invites-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-iptf-api-gateway-bi, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-iptf-domainevents-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-iptf-domainevents-unit-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-iptf-greyhound-callscope, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-iptf-gurnisht-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-iptf-kafka-guard, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-iptf-killerfeature-killer-feature, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-iptf-killerfeature-testapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-iptf-linkerd-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-iptf-raven-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-iptf-sdl-migrationapp-sdlmigrationapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-iptf-webhooks-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-iptf-webhooks-catalog-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-iptf-webhooks-dispatcher-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-kickstart2020-dima-kickstart2020-dima, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-kickstart2020-talkr-kickstart2020-talkr-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-kickstart6app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-kitchat-kitchat, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-kore-appmanager-app-lifecycle-manager, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-kore-grid-apps-dev, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-kore-grid-apps-pub, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-kore-kore-broker-pub, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-kore-kore-lease-manager, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-kore-propsmanager-kore-props-manager, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-labs-faq-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-lang-linguist-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-lang-linguist-client-api-v2, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-lcf-settings-api-lcf-settings-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-limiter-limiter, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-linguist-dating-example-dating-tpa, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-livevideo-livevideo-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-localization-localization, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-localization-ml-localization, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-localizationpublic-localization-public, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-loom-example-crud-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-loom-example-domain-events-producer, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-loom-example-loom-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-loom-example-loom-logging, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-loom-example-mysql-loom-with-mysql, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-loom-example-petri-loom-with-petri, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-loom-example-platformized-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-loom-example-third-party, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-loom-exmaple-greyhound, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-loom-hadron-testapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-mail-proxy-email-proxy-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-managed-artifacts-managed-artifacts, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-marka-kickstart-marka-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-market-app-instance-manager-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-market-app-resource-proxy, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-marketplace-marketplace-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-market-site-apps-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-market-social-groups-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-martynasp-wishlist-martynasp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-mcc-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-media-gateway-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-members-activity-counters-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-members-groups-members-groups-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-membership-membership-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-members-members-about-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-members-members-follow-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-members-members-identity-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-members-members-ng-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-members-members-profiles-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-members-members-protos-common, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-members-members-search-indexer, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-members-numbers-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-merchant-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-merchant-internal-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-metasite-cdn-manager, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-metasite-meta-site-search-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-metasite-proto-rpc-support-test-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-metasite-reloose-dev-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-metasite-reloose-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-metasite-site-limiter, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-metasite-site-limiter-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-mobile-client-storage, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-multilingual-importerexporter-ml-importer-exporter, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-multilingual-linguistdbdriverwrapper-linguist-dbdriver-wrapper, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-multilingual-localizationimporterexporter-localization-importer-exporter, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-multilingual-localizationimportexport-localization-import-export, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-multilingual-machine-machine-translation, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-multilingual-sitetranslator-site-translator, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-node-grpc-benchmark-agent, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-nothing-alonka-alonka-nothin-to-prod, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-nothing-nirwiener-nirwiener-noting-to-prod, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-nothing-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-oauth2-provider-oauth2-provider-proto-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-oembeds-oembeds-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-oleksiil-oleksiil-kickstart-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-oneappgatewayserver-testapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-opeled-wishlist-wishlist-opeled, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-p13n-protos-common, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-p13n-protos-domain-events, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-p13n-protos-query, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-partners-marketplace-contacts-marketplace-contacts-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-partners-marketplace-contacts-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-partners-messagesfilter-partners-messages-filter, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-partners-partners-site-connect, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-bi-payment-bi-web, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-error-mapping-client-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-fee-invoice-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-payment-dashboard-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-payment-dashboard-internal-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-payment-internal-services-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-payment-metadata-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-payment-notifier-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-payment-paybutton-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-payment-plugin-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-payment-plugin-internal-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-payment-plugin-spi, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-payment-public-backoffice-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-payment-public-credit-card-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-payment-public-merchant-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-payment-public-metadata-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-payment-public-pay-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-payment-settings-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payment-payment-settings-api-v2, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payout-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payout-internal-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-payouts-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-pay-smaug-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-permissions-permissions-catalog-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-permissions-test-app-permissions-test-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-petri-loom-sample-wix-petri-loom-sample-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-petri-management-wix-petri-managed-gp-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-petri-wix-petri-notifications-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-petri-wrapper-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ping-notifications-feed-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ping-notifications-hub-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ping-notifications-hub-api-v2, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ping-notifications-hub-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ping-notifications-hub-public-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ping-ping-common, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ping-ping-settings-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ping-ping-settings-api-v2, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ping-ping-settings-common, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ping-ping-templates-localization-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ping-push-notifications-gateway-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ping-quick-actions-messages, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ping-sms-gateway-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ping-templates-ping-templates, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ping-templates-ping-templates-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ping-yellow-pages-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-platform-addresses-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-platform-coupons-adapter-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-platform-coupons-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-platform-currency-converter, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-platform-gift-card-fake-provider, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-platform-gift-card-fake-provider-fake-provider, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-platform-gift-cards-fake-provider, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-platform-gift-cards-proxy, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-platformization-testkit-apis, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-platform-pii-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-platform-pii-service-dockerized-testkit-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-platform-serverless-deployer-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-platform-wix-ecommerce-platform-checkout, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-authorization, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-bin-directory-proto-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-dns-proto-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-dnsyo-proto-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-domain-connect-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-domain-delivery-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-domain-delivery-internal-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-domain-registrar-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-domain-registrar-internal-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-domains-domain-notifications, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-domains-lookup-domain-lookup, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-domain-store-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-licenser, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-my-domains-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-offering-display-manager, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-premium-authorization, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-premium-billing-and-payments-premium-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-premium-data-view-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-premium-digital-goods-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-premium-domains-proto-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-premium-features-manager-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-premium-features-writer-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-premium-google-mailboxes-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-premium-plans-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-premium-product-catalog-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-premium-rolesandpermissions, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-premium-ssl-manager-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-premium-store-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-premium-subscriptions-manager-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-premium-vouchers-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-recurring-engine-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-recurring-engine-internal-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-subscriptions-billing-notifications-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-user-domains-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-whois-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-premium-wio-test-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-auto-prime-auto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-basic-prime-basic, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-example-atq-prime-async-task-queue, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-example-hello-prime, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-example-prime-config, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-example-prime-datastore, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-example-prime-domain-events, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-example-prime-matchers, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-example-prime-messaging, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-example-prime-mongo, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-example-prime-mysql, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-example-prime-petri, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-example-prime-platformization, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-example-prime-randoms, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-example-prime-rpc, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-example-prime-sdl, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-example-prime-third-party-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prime-example-prime-with-testkit, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prod-dump-prod-heap-dump, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prodops-magic-carpet-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prodworkshop, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-prodworkshop-heap, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-profile-complex-fields, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-promote-email-distribution-router, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-promote-products-enricher-products-enricher, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-promote-promote-catalogs-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-promote-promote-events-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-promote-shoutout-automation, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-promote-textgenerator-promote-text-generator, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-a13-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-adi-waas-platformized-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-advanced-seo-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-albums-node-platformized-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-analytics-ng-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-analytics-reporter-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-andriil-contact-us-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-app-settings-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-arbiter-ark-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-arbiter-grafana-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-assignee-platformized-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-bed4fed-fake-cashier-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-bi-authz-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-bi-bank-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-bi-feature-catalog-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-blocks-widget-descriptor-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-bookings-backend-migration-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-branded-apps-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-business-schema-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-caas-proto-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-captcha-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-chat-platform-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-chat-search-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-chat-widget-platform-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-ci-police-informant-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-ci-police-station-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-cloud-apps-enforcer-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-cloud-edm-autogen-test-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-cloud-edm-generator-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-cloud-npm-installer-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-cloud-npm-registry-replicator-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-cloud-secrets-vault-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-cloud-transpilation-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-cloud-user-code-analyzer-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-code-reuse-publisher-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-communities-blog-platformized-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-communities-blog-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-communities-forum-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-communities-forum-system-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-contact-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-contact-form-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-contacts-media-platform-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-contactus-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-cookie-consent-policy-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-corvid-google-project-manager-proto-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-dac-overrides-store-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-dac-release-manager-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-dasboot-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-dc3-notifications-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-dealer-backoffice-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-dealer-offer-events-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-dealer-offers-serving-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-deployment-test-trigger-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-deps-graph-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-document-manager-server-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-domain-helper-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-duplexer-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-dx-resource-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-editor-my-elements-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-editor-platform-routers-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-editor-search-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-editor-texts-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-editor-tpa-cross-site-duplicate-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-eliyahu-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-email-subscriptions-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-example-platformize-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-experts-beta-server-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-experts-hub-login-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-experts-server-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-exposure-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-facebook-projection-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-falcon-build-server-projects-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-falcon-build-triggering-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-fedclubs-mock-bbs-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-fed-crash-course-products-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-fed-infra-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-fedonomy-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-fedops-app-info-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-fedops-config-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-foo-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-framework-config-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-fun-cms-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-funnel-intro-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-fwg-frontend-servers-shared, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-gradual-rollout-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-grid-manager-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-grpc-bench-test-app-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-grpc-server-shoutout-processor-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-grpc-server-test-app-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-heartbeat-duplexer-auth, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-ims-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-inbox-serverless-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-inbox-settings-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-janet-deployer-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-katya-test-proj-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-kore-krane-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-kore-runtime-deployer-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-later-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-latest-greatest-example-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-library-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-linguist-editor-localizer-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-logo-claas-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-logoediticon-to-zoe-migration-server-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-loki-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-media-explorer-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-media-made-for-you-backoffice-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-media-made-for-you-content-creator-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-media-made-for-you-painter-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-media-manager-checkout-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-media-pix-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-media-suggestions-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-media-unsplash-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-members-area-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-merlin-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-metadata-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-metro-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-metro-inspector-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-my-editor-elements-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-needs-your-action-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-noah-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-node-test-app-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-oneapp-cockpit-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-one-app-datalib-codegen-testidl, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-one-app-server-api-test-proto-module, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-pdf-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-platformized-serverless-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-pos-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-pos-tablet-shop-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-presence-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-print-orders-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-print-packing-slip-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-promote-backoffice-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-promote-campaigns-manager-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-promote-home-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-promote-insights-public-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-promote-seo-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-promote-seo-redirects-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-promote-seo-robots-reader-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-promote-seo-robots-server-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-recently-viewed-sites-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-release-manager-server-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-resource-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-restaurants-menus-legacy-converter-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-restaurants-metasites-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-robocop-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-ronil-contact-us-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-rpc-server-test-app-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-serverless-build-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-serverless-runtime-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-serverless-tarball-test-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-service-discovery-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-shoutout-email-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-shoutout-processor-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-site-assets-module-lifecycle-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-site-assets-runtime-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-site-branches-registry-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-site-folders-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-site-snapshot-runner-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-social-image-url-generator-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-static-exposure-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-stores-channels-metadata-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-supreme-leader-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-svg-server-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-tag-manager-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-telemetry-registry-proto-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-template-cms-backoffice-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-template-cms-translation-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-template-cms-view-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-templates-semantic-search-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-test-npm-proto-merge, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-token-manager-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-uniform-rc-event-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-url-mapper-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-url-mapper-reader-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-url-mapper-writer-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-users-mailer-template-resolver-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-watchtower-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-wix-atlas-node-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-wix-blocks-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-wix-blocks-service-server-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-wix-captcharator-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-wix-chatbot-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-wix-docs-backoffice-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-wix-grpc-health-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-wix-new-releases-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-wix-payments-case-evidence-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-wix-realtime-server-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-wixstores-notification-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-ws-fake-chat-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-ws-fake-storage-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-yaroslav-test-test-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-yevheniiba-wnp-playground-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-yotamo-contactus-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proto-zip-code-validation-npm-wrapper-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-provisioner-provisioner-dev-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-provisioner-provisioner-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-proxy-processing-testapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-quanton-quanton-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-quotes-wix-quotes-api-idl, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-ratelimiter-rate-limiter-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-rce-settings-communities-rce-settings-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-reactive-journey, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-recurring-invoices-recurring-invoices-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-redirector-redirector-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-reportedcontent-reported-content, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-restaurants-logging-restaurants-logging, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-restaurants-restaurants-authentication-webapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-restaurants-restaurants-menus-webapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-restaurants-restaurants-orders-webapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-restaurants-settings-restaurants-settings-webapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-restaurants-wix-restaurants-platform-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-roles-management-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-rollout-backend-exposure-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-rollout-rollout-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-router-server-management-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-router-spi-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-rpc-email, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-sdl-cdc-migration-sdlcdcmigrationsample-avim, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-sdl-testing-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-sdl-yairg-product-yairg, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-search-il-business-xs-poc, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-search-search-services-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-search-search-services-reader-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-search-search-vertical-test-app-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-seatings-wix-events-seatings-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-secteam-commander-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-secteam-poly-db-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-secteam-poly-parser-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-secteam-ssrf-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-secteam-the-banisher, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-serverless-serverless-greyhound-sidecar-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-server-rpc-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-shoutout-monitoring, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-shoutout-redash-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-shoutout-shoutout-automation-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-shoutout-shoutout-monitoring, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-shoutout-shoutout-platform-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-sink-http, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-site-language-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-site-properties-public-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-siteproperties-site-properties-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-site-structure, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-sm-community-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-sm-platform-api-members-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-sm-readonly-wix-sm-readonly-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-sms-sms-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-something-to-troubleshoot-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-spam-filter, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-spinnaker-spinnaker-logbook, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-statistics-migration-statistic-migration, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-stores-channels-metadata-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-streams-action, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-subscriptions-subscriptions-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-subscriptions-testapp-subscriptions-test-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-support-domain-helper-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-svsession-generator-svsession-generator, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-system-topology-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-tagless-examples-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-tagless-greyhound-e2e-idl, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-tagless-looms-wio-support-test-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-tagless-tagless-test-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-talks-messenger-talks-messenger, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-async-queues, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-async-queues-with-messaging, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-config-helpers, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-customized-rpc, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-domain-events-main-dc-test-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-domain-events-test-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-generator-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-grpc-channel, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-grpc-only, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-idl-callback, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-json-rpc-only, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-laboratory-wrapper-test-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-legacy-rpc, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-logging-logging, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-multiple-e2e-tests, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-mysqlds-mysql-datasources-conf, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-mysql-multi, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-mysql-mysql-8, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-mysql-sdl-multi, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-nopii-nogdpr-sdl-without-pii-without-gdpr, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-only-secrets, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-petri-test-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-pii-nogdpr-sdl-with-pii-without-gdpr, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-platformized, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-proto-imports, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-publish-only, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-publish-with-key, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-pub-sub, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-resourceful, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-rpc-clients, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-sdl-ad-hoc-logs-test-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-sdl-all-logs-test-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-sdl-domain-events-test-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-sdl-test-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-server-signer, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-subscribe-only, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-test-targets-test-targets, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-test-visibility-default, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-thinner, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-topups-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-transaction-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-transaction-internal-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-transactions-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-transfer-transfer-site-proto-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-troubles-generator-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-urls-urls-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-users-login-webapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-users-mailer-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-users-passports-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-veenine-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-verification-verification-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-viacheslavi-contactus-viacheslavi-some-to-prod, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-alert-enricher-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-aloha-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-automerge-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-calendar-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-choobot-cms-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-choobot-configuration-manager-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-choobot-suggestion-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-code-owners, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-code-owners-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-cookie-monster-web, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-data-keeper-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-deprecator-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-deps-dependency-manager, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-directory-service-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-github-bouncer-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-github-members-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-github-metadata-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-github-police-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-githug, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-gitoosh-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-jira-gateway-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-osynchronotron-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-pii-tool-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-ptp-web, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-pullke-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vip-vip-tagger, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-virtual-numbers-blocked-numbers, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-virtual-numbers-blocked-numbers-blocked-numbers, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-virtual-numbers-channel-verification-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-virtual-numbers-common-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-virtual-numbers-media-gateway-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-virtual-numbers-virtual-numbers-manager-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-virtual-numbers-virtual-numbers-switchboard-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-runner-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-session-storage-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-session-storage-test-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-sites-fixer-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-slackathon-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-smartling-facade-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-snapshotter-backend, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-snapshotter-task-subscriber, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-test-manager-cms-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-test-manager-metadata-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-test-manager-state-changer-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-translator-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-translator-listener, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-turbo-analyzer-backend, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-user-manager-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-vi-dummy-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-wix-atlas-service-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-wix-babel-cms-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-wix-babel-metadata-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-wix-babel-scheduler-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vi-wix-babel-uploader-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vladyslavsh-vladyslavsh-kickstart-service-loom, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-vsearch-vsearch-service, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-websiteanalyzer-any2wix-website-analyzer-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wio-example-wio-loom-app, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wishlist, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wishlist-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wishlistdemo-wishlist-demo, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-bi-profile-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-bi-table-metadata-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixcode-wix-code-dispatcher-proto-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixcode-wix-code-kafka-enricher-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixcode-wix-code-proto-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixcode-wix-code-telemetry-proto-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixcode-wix-code-user-code-dependencies, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixcode-wix-tasks-scheduler-proto-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-ecom-orders-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-ecom-orders-fulfillments-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-ecom-orders-payments-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-ecom-orders-renderer-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixerd-api-gateway-client-e2e, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixerd-api-gateway-client-permissions-manager-e2e, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixerd-api-gateway-server-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-html-editor-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-html-editor-info-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-html-live-site-data-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixos-co-branding-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixos-locations-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixos-locations-web, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixos-tasks-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixpay-pricing-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixpay-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-petri-acceptance-tests, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-petri-integration, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-petri-loom-integration, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixplorer-bazel-test, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-public-html-api-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-public-html-cache-invalidate-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-public-html-cache-invalidate-bo-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-public-html-info-api-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-public-html-renderer-webapp, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-site-query-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wix-users-proto-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wixwiz-feedback-server, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wnp-api-gw-client-testkit-protos, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wnp-node-jvm-grpc-server-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-wnp-node-jvm-pii-server-proto, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-workflow-workflow-server-api, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-workshop-avim-wishlist, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-workshop-avim-wishlist-avim, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-workshop-wishlist-wishlist-odeda, detected pypi license: None
wix-protos-zapier-zapier-web, detected pypi license: None
wix-py,
GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wix-python-logger, detected pypi license: None
wix-server-signer, detected pypi license: None
wix-site-features, detected pypi license: None
wix-smart-open, detected pypi license: None
wixspark, detected pypi license: None
wix-ssl-certificate, detected pypi license: None
wix-ssl-certificates, detected pypi license: None
wixtaller, detected pypi license: None
wix-team-utils, detected pypi license: None
wix-utils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wiz,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wiz-alilog, detected pypi license: None
wizard,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wizard-domaininfo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wizardhat,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
wizard-interface,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wizardpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wizardry, detected pypi license: None
wizards,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wizardvsworld, detected pypi license: None
wizardwebssh,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wizard-whois,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wizarniak-distributions, detected pypi license: None
wizcoin,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wizcon,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wizdict,
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/,
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/,
NOT Converted.
wiz-dingtalk, detected pypi license: None
wizeline-flow, 404 - page not found
wiz-env, detected pypi license: None
wiz-feishu, detected pypi license: None
wizi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wiz-message, detected pypi license: None
wiznote,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wiznote-cli, detected pypi license: None
wiz-presto, detected pypi license: None
wizprint,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wizpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wizpym,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wizsdk, detected pypi license: None
wizsprinter, detected pypi license: None
wiz-utils, detected pypi license: None
wizwalker,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wizzi-utils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wj, detected pypi license: None
wj-analysis,
GNU3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wjc-01, detected pypi license: None
wj-credentials,
GNU3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wj-distribution, detected pypi license: None
wjmlab,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wjnester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wjnewnester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wjordpress,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wj-pytrends,
GNU3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wjtestprint,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wjtst,
free,
free,
NOT Converted.
wjwgym,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wk, detected pypi license: None
wkairos,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wkbheader,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wkb-raster,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wk-classify, detected pypi license: None
wkconnect,
AGPL-3.0,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wkcuber,
AGPL-3.0,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wkdfh,
Copyright © 2019 – Baptiste Fontaine,
Copyright © 2019 – Baptiste Fontaine,
NOT Converted.
wkdict, detected pypi license: None
wkgnester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wkhtmltopdf,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wkhtmltopdf-pack,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wkhtmltopdf-pack-ng,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wkhtmltopdf-wrapper,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wkmake, detected pypi license: None
wknml,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wkr,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
wks, detected pypi license: None
wkskel, detected pypi license: None
wksort,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wkstock, detected pypi license: None
wkstools, detected pypi license: None
wktplot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wkt-scraper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wktutils, detected pypi license: None
wkw, detected pypi license: None
wkweb, detected pypi license: None
wkz03,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wkz032,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wl,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wlab,
The Wlab Version 1.X.Y

Copyright (C) 2012-2022 by Wu Xuping

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; using version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
wladmin,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wlalign, detected pypi license: None
wl-api,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wlauto,
Apache v2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wlc,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wlcg,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wl-comparator, detected pypi license: None
wlcsim, detected pypi license: None
wldhx-yadisk-direct,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wldyd23,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wled,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wledpy-pctechjon,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
wlfilebrowser,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wlgen,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wlg-fayefv, detected pypi license: None
wlighter,
Apache2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wlint,
BSD-2,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
wlister,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
wlkata-mirobot-python, detected pypi license: None
wll, detected pypi license: None
wllegal,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wllutils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wllvm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wlmodem, detected pypi license: None
wlnm,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wlnupdates,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wlo, detected pypi license: None
wloc,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wlog,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wlogdate,
GNU General Public License, version 3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wlogger,
Apache License,
Apache License,
NOT Converted.
wl-parsers,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wlreporter,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wlspeaker, detected pypi license: None
wlsqm,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wls-rest-python,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wlt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wltp,
European Union Public Licence 1.1 or later (EUPL 1.1+),
EUPL-1.1,
Converted.
wltp-gearshift,
EUPL 1.1+,
EUPL 1.1+,
NOT Converted.
wltrace,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wltr-doc-validate, detected pypi license: None
wltr-ebct-finder, detected pypi license: None
wltr-phonetics, detected pypi license: None
wlufqksjez, detected pypi license: None
wl-wall,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wlwx, 404 - page not found
wlwx-python-sdk,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wm, detected pypi license: None
wmachine, 404 - page not found
wmagent,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wmainfo-py, detected pypi license: None
wmap, detected pypi license: None
wmapi, detected pypi license: None
wmata, detected pypi license: None
wmbook,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wmc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wmc2, detected pypi license: None
wmc-datalake-functions,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wmc-dl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wmc-dl-functions,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wm-chimpimport,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wmclient,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wmcore,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wmctrl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wmctrl-python3,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wmcvit, detected pypi license: None
wmcvit2, detected pypi license: None
wmd,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
wm-dist, detected pypi license: None
wmdlib,
BSD with additional restrictions,
BSD with additional restrictions,
NOT Converted.
wmempy,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wmf,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
wmflabs,
GPL-3.0+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
wmflib,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
wmf-umapi-client,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wmf-user-metrics,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wm-gloeggele,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wmgmail,
GPL 2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
wmgraph,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wmg-tool, detected pypi license: None
wm-help,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wmi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wmic,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wmi-client-wrapper,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wmi-client-wrapper-py3,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wmicq,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wmidevicemanager,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wmipa,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wmi-query,
BSD2CLAUSE,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
wmm2015, detected pypi license: None
wmm2020, detected pypi license: None
wm-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wmon,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wmonitor, detected pypi license: None
wmowonen-theme,
GPL version 2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
wmp, detected pypi license: None
wmpclean, detected pypi license: None
wmpy-core, detected pypi license: None
wmr-cba, detected pypi license: None
wm-sampledata,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wmsb, detected pypi license: None
wms-downloader,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wmseo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wm-showhidecolumns,
gpl,
gpl,
NOT Converted.
wmsigner,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wm-ssim,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wms-tile-get,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wmt, detected pypi license: None
wmt2ics, detected pypi license: None
wm-test-a1137342409, detected pypi license: None
wmtile, detected pypi license: None
wm-win-tool,
GPL-2.0-only,
GPL-2.0-only,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wmylxmj, detected pypi license: None
wmynester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wn, detected pypi license: None
wncc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
w-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wneuralcoref,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wnget,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wnlp,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
wnmf,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wnsresolver,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wntlpdawotaiddoqaiblggazodvtwtuerncdsetygavokojzue, detected pypi license: None
wntr,
Revised BSD,
Revised BSD,
NOT Converted.
wnutils,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
wnyc-backup,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wnyc-dns,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wnyc-recommender,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wnyc-sorl-thumbnail,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wo,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
woah,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wobble,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wodarhospur-core,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wodby, detected pypi license: None
woden,
GNU GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wodonga, detected pypi license: None
wodpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woe,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woe-bin,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
woebinningpandas,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woeid,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
woe-iv, detected pypi license: None
woe-linear-bin,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
woe-monotonic-binning,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woe-scoring,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woeusb-ng,
GPL-3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
woff2otf,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wofpy,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wofry,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wofryimpl,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wofryshadow,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wofrysrw,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wofrywise2,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wofrywiser,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wog, detected pypi license: None
wogame, 404 - page not found
wogdev,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
woger,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wog-orenj, 404 - page not found
wog-pkg, 404 - page not found
wog-pkg-a, 404 - page not found
wog-tomer9000, detected pypi license: None
wojak,
ABSE,
ABSE,
NOT Converted.
wojtezpdf, detected pypi license: None
wok,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wokamoka,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wok-compiler,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wok-hooks,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woki, detected pypi license: None
wokkel,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wok-serve,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wol,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wol-api, detected pypi license: None
wolapp,
Virim,
Virim,
NOT Converted.
wola-sdk, detected pypi license: None
wolf,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wolfansweroid,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wolfbot, detected pypi license: None
wolf-client, 404 - page not found
wolfcrypt,
GPLv2 or Commercial License,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
wolfe,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wolfeutils,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wolfgang,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wolfinsta,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wolf-ism8, detected pypi license: None
wolf-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wolfpack,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wolframalpha, detected pypi license: None
wolfram-alpha-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wolframalpha-asyncio, detected pypi license: None
wolframalpha-cli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wolframalphaforked, detected pypi license: None
wolframalpha-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wolframclient,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wolfram-model,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wolframwebengine, detected pypi license: None
wolf-sdk, 404 - page not found
wolf-smartset, detected pypi license: None
wolfson, detected pypi license: None
wolfssl,
GPLv2 or Commercial License,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
wolfssl-with-ed25519,
GPLv2 or Commercial License,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
wolk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wolk-connect,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wolkenatlas,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wolkenbrot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wolkenbruch,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wolk-gateway-module,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wolkstack,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wolo,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
wolpert,
new BSD,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
wolphin,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wolphin-driver, detected pypi license: None
wolsey,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woltka,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wolverine,
MIT 2.0,
MIT,
Converted.
wolvr,
BSD 3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
woma,
GNU GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
womack,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
woman, detected pypi license: None
wombat, detected pypi license: None
wombat-ai, detected pypi license: None
wombat-db,
APACHE,
APACHE,
NOT Converted.
wombat-foo,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wom-connector,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
womg, detected pypi license: None
womg-core, detected pypi license: None
wommit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
womp,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wonambi,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wonderbits,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wonderbits-ampy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wonderbitscloud,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wonderboy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wonderful, detected pypi license: None
wonderful-bing,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wonderguy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wonderlic-nlp,
gpl-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wonder-pkg-walerydewelow, detected pypi license: None
wonderpy, detected pypi license: None
wonderwords, detected pypi license: None
wonik1,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wonikjang,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
woning-bricks, detected pypi license: None
woning-wattle, detected pypi license: None
wonk, detected pypi license: None
wonsub, 404 - page not found
wonterfact,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wonton,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
woob,
GNU LGPL 3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
woob-qt, detected pypi license: None
woocommerce,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
woocommerce-subscriptions-check, detected pypi license: None
wood,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woodblock,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woodchuck, detected pypi license: None
woodchuck-shwinhs, detected pypi license: None
woodcut,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woodder,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woodencrypto, detected pypi license: None
woodenwaiter, detected pypi license: None
woodland, detected pypi license: None
woodpecker,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
woodplotlib, detected pypi license: None
wood-profits-review, detected pypi license: None
woods, detected pypi license: None
wood-splinter,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
woodstock,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
woodstove, detected pypi license: None
woodwork,
BSD 3-clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
woody, detected pypi license: None
wooey, detected pypi license: None
woof,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woohoo-pdns,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
woohoo-pdns-gui,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
woojicap-database, detected pypi license: None
woojicap-dataprep, detected pypi license: None
wook,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wool, 404 - page not found
woolang-project-generator, detected pypi license: None
wooldridge,
LICENSE,
LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
woolf,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woollylib, detected pypi license: None
wools,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
woolseyworkshop-circuitpython-74hc165,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wooly, detected pypi license: None
wooper,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
woopra,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
woopra-py,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
woopra-tracker,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
woops,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wooqi,
BSD-3,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
woost, detected pypi license: None
woo-sy,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woothee,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wootoff,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wootz,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
wop,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wopeditor, detected pypi license: None
wopmars,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woptics,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worc,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
worch,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
worch-g4lbne,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
worch-ups,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
word2color,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
word2html,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
word2ket,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
word2keypress, detected pypi license: None
word2lex,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
word2number,
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Akshay Nagpal (https://github.com/akshaynagpal)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.,
MIT,
Converted.
word2number-i18n, detected pypi license: None
word2num-de,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
word2tex,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
word2vec,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
word2veckeras,
GPL-3.0-only,
GPL-3.0-only,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
word2vec-keras, detected pypi license: None
word2vec-sisg, detected pypi license: None
word2vec-torch, detected pypi license: None
word2vec-wikification-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
word2wiz,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
word2word,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wordabulary,
GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wordai,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wordalignmentbert, 404 - page not found
wordasso, detected pypi license: None
wordaxe,
Apache License, version 2.0,Free BSD License,
Apache License version 2.0Free BSD License,
NOT Converted.
wordbag,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordbatch,
GNU GPL 2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
wordbook,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordbuilder,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordbuilds, detected pypi license: None
wordbyword,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordcloud,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordcloud-create-worker-nleaser, detected pypi license: None
wordcloud-fa,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordcloud-lite,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordcookies,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordcount,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
word-count,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordcounter,
GPL-2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
word-counter,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wordcounterbyustina, detected pypi license: None
wordcount-file,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordcountincolumn,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
word-counting-luminoso2021, detected pypi license: None
wordcountnorico, detected pypi license: None
wordcount-norico, detected pypi license: None
wordcutpy,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
worddistance, detected pypi license: None
word-distance, detected pypi license: None
word-distance-asz, detected pypi license: None
wordembed, detected pypi license: None
word-embedder,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordembeddingloader,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worden, detected pypi license: None
word-expanding, detected pypi license: None
wordexpansion,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordfencer,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordfeudbot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordfilter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordfinder, 404 - page not found
word-finding, 404 - page not found
wordfinds, detected pypi license: None
wordfish,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
word-forms, detected pypi license: None
wordfreq,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordfrequency,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wordfunctions, detected pypi license: None
wordgame,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
word-game,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
word-gener,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordgenerator,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
word-gen-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordgoal,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wordgolf,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordgraph,
Apache2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wordgrapher,
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 Batista Harahap

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.,
MIT,
Converted.
wordhoard,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
wordhop,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordhord,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wordhunt-anagram-search-python, detected pypi license: None
word-identifiers, detected pypi license: None
wordinfo,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordinserter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordiscovery,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordish,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wordkit,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
word-knn, detected pypi license: None
word-ladder,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wordle,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wordlevelrnn, detected pypi license: None
wordlevelstatistics,
GPL v2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
wordlike, detected pypi license: None
wordlist,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordlistenquiry, detected pypi license: None
wordlistgenerator, detected pypi license: None
wordlisthash,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordlist-knife, detected pypi license: None
wordlist-passphrase-generator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordmap,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordmarker,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordmatrix,
Copyright 2018 Studio Ousia,
Copyright 2018 Studio Ousia,
NOT Converted.
wordmaze,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordmesh,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
word-mover-distance, detected pypi license: None
word-mover-grammar,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
word-neo4j,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
wordnet,
GNU General Public License v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wordnet-bn,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordnik,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordnik-py3,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordninja, detected pypi license: None
wordoftheday, detected pypi license: None
wordops,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordpad,
CC0,
CC0-1.0,
Converted.
word-pattern,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordpiece,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordplay, detected pypi license: None
word-polysemy, detected pypi license: None
wordpress, detected pypi license: None
wordpress2markdown,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wordpress2zinnia,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
wordpress-api,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wordpress-api-jwt, detected pypi license: None
wordpressautopost,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordpress-backup-data,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wordpress-cd, detected pypi license: None
wordpress-cd-k8s, detected pypi license: None
wordpress-cd-rancher, detected pypi license: None
wordpress-cd-s3, detected pypi license: None
wordpresscheckversion,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wordpress-json,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wordpress-oauth,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordpress-package-manager,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordpress-process,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordpresspy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordpress-py-client,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordpress-python-library, detected pypi license: None
wordpress-reader,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wordpress-search-results-scraper,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wordpress-theme-scraper,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wordpress-toolbox,
BSD 2-Clause License,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
wordpresstools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordpress-to-puput, detected pypi license: None
wordpressupdater,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wordprexit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
word-processing, detected pypi license: None
word-ps,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordrank,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
words,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
words2num, detected pypi license: None
wordsapy, detected pypi license: None
words-cli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
words-count,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
words-counter,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
word-scramble,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordscrape,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordsearch, detected pypi license: None
word-search,
LICENSE,
LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
wordsearcher, detected pypi license: None
word-search-puzzle, detected pypi license: None
wordsearchutils, detected pypi license: None
wordseg,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wordsegment,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wordsegmentation,
Copyright 2015 Weihan Jiang,
Copyright 2015 Weihan Jiang,
NOT Converted.
words-from-grid, 404 - page not found
words-grid, 404 - page not found
wordshuriken,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordside, detected pypi license: None
wordsimilarity,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wordsin2d, detected pypi license: None
wordslicer, detected pypi license: None
wordsmith,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordsmith-python-sdk,
Copyright (c) 2016, Automated Insights, Inc. All rights reserved.

You are hereby granted a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to
use, copy, modify, and distribute this software in source code or binary
form for use in connection with the web services and APIs provided by
Automated Insights and its Wordsmith platform.

As with any software that integrates with the Wordsmith platform, your use
of this software is subject to the Wordsmith Terms of Service
[https://automatedinsights.com/terms-of-use/]. This copyright notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.,
Copyright c 2016 Automated Insights Inc. All rights reserved.

You are hereby granted a non-exclusive worldwide royalty-free license to
use copy modify and distribute this software in source code or binary
form for use in connection with the web services and APIs provided by
Automated Insights and its Wordsmith platform.

As with any software that integrates with the Wordsmith platform your use
of this software is subject to the Wordsmith Terms of Service
https://automatedinsights.com/terms-of-use/. This copyright notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT TORT OR OTHERWISE ARISING
FROM OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE,
NOT Converted.
wordsmiths,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordsolver,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
word-spell,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordstart,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
wordstats,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordster,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordstop, detected pypi license: None
wordstream,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
word-sub,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordsum, detected pypi license: None
wordsworth,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wordtex,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wordtime,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wordtodigits, detected pypi license: None
wordtoken, detected pypi license: None
word-tokenizer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordtonum, detected pypi license: None
wordtools,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
word-tools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
word-treasure,
GNU GPL v3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wordtree,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
word-tree,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wordtreegenerator,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wordvecpy,
All yours bro,
All yours bro,
NOT Converted.
wordvecspace,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
word-vectors,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordweaver,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordwide,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wordwise, detected pypi license: None
worek,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
worf,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worin, detected pypi license: None
work,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
workabilly,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
workadays,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
workaholic,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workalendar,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
workaround, detected pypi license: None
workbench,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workbench-cli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workbench-crm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workbenchdata-fastparquet,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
workbenchdata-pandas,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
workbench-web,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workbook,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
workbook-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workboost, detected pypi license: None
workbooster, 404 - page not found
workbox-cli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
work-calendar-ru,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workday,
Apache License (2.0),
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
workday-cn, detected pypi license: None
workday-duration,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workdays,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
workdir,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workdown, detected pypi license: None
workedon, detected pypi license: None
workenv,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
worker,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
workerbee,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
workerpool,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workerpool3,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workerprocess,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
workerpy, detected pypi license: None
workerqueue, detected pypi license: None
workers,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
workertier,
Apache 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
workerwork,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
workfl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workflow, detected pypi license: None
workflow2executable,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
workflowguard,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
workflowhub,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
workflow-manager,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workflow-mq, detected pypi license: None
workflow-nodes,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workflow-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workflows,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
workflow-sandbox,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
workflow-templater, detected pypi license: None
workflow-tools,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
workflow-upa, detected pypi license: None
workflow-uva, detected pypi license: None
workflowwebtools, detected pypi license: None
workflux,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
workforce,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
workforce-async, detected pypi license: None
workfrankomik, detected pypi license: None
workfrontapi-plus,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workfront-bridge,
bridgecorp,
bridgecorp,
NOT Converted.
workfront-sdk,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
workfrontutil,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
work-h,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workhorse,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workhours, detected pypi license: None
working,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
working-calendar, detected pypi license: None
workingday, detected pypi license: None
workingdays,
GNU General Public License v3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
workingenv-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workinghours,
Unlicense License,
Unlicense,
Converted.
workingless, detected pypi license: None
workingtime,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workjets,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worklab,
GNU GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
worklib, detected pypi license: None
workload,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worklog,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
worklog-cli, detected pypi license: None
worklogclitool, detected pypi license: None
worklogger,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
worklogmd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workon,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workon2,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workonflow-bot-client,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workos,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workout, detected pypi license: None
workoutizer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workouttimer,
license.txt,
license.txt,
NOT Converted.
workpathapi, detected pypi license: None
workplaceconsultingobfuscate, 404 - page not found
workplace-extractor,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workpy, detected pypi license: None
workq, detected pypi license: None
workqueue,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
work-queue, detected pypi license: None
workreport,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
work-report-tool,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
works-4x-to-word-python-converter,
New BSD,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
worksheet, detected pypi license: None
worksheetgen,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workshop,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
workshopil-nallar,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
workshop-toolchain, detected pypi license: None
workspace,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
workspace-clients,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
workspacemanager, detected pypi license: None
workspace-manager,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
workspace-plugins-gvim,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
workspace-puller, detected pypi license: None
workspaces,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
workspacesio, detected pypi license: None
workspacesio-cli, detected pypi license: None
workspace-tools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workstation, detected pypi license: None
workstreams,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workthing,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
worktime,
GPL v3 or newer,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
worktime-logger,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worktimething, detected pypi license: None
worktools, detected pypi license: None
work-toto,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
workwechatsdk,
The MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
work-weixin,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
work-weixin-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workweixinrobot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
workwerobot,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
workwithpdf, detected pypi license: None
world,
Apache Software Licence,
Apache Software Licence,
NOT Converted.
world2d,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
world4py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
world-bank-data,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worldbuild,
GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
worldcat,
GPL/BSD,
GPL/BSD,
NOT Converted.
worldcatidentities,
GPL-3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
world-class,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
worldcoin,
Apache v2.0 License,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
worldcoinapi, detected pypi license: None
worldcoin-wrapper,
Apache License, Version 2.0, see LICENSE file,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
worldcookery,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
worldcup,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
worldcup18,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worlddata,
WorldData,
WorldData,
NOT Converted.
worldengine,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
worldguess, detected pypi license: None
worldmap, detected pypi license: None
worldme,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worldmeter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worldmill,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
worldmkts,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
worldmodels, detected pypi license: None
world-models, detected pypi license: None
worldmor,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
world-of-game-pkg-guysaar8, 404 - page not found
worldofgame-pkg-guysaar8,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worldofgames, detected pypi license: None
world-of-games-tombrov, detected pypi license: None
worldofproxy,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
world-of-warships-replays-parser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worldometer,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
worldometers-py, detected pypi license: None
worldpay,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worldpops, detected pypi license: None
world-price,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
world-rowing,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worldsamplemodule,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
world-serpent, detected pypi license: None
worldshifter, 404 - page not found
world-time, detected pypi license: None
world-time-api, detected pypi license: None
world-time-lib, detected pypi license: None
worldtimepy,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
world-trade-data,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worldtradingdata, detected pypi license: None
worldview-dl,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
worldweatherpy,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
world-weather-report, detected pypi license: None
worm,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wormbase-parasite, detected pypi license: None
wormcat-batch,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worm-dao, detected pypi license: None
wormhole,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wormhole-proxy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wormhole-ui,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wormpose,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
worms,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wormspan, 404 - page not found
wormstools, detected pypi license: None
wormtable,
GNU LGPLv3+,
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
wormtongue, 404 - page not found
worq,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
worrpt, 404 - page not found
worship, detected pypi license: None
worstcase,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
worstengine-py, detected pypi license: None
wort, detected pypi license: None
wortfilter,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
worthdata, detected pypi license: None
wos,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wosclient,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
wosfile,
New BSD License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
woshizhongguoren, 404 - page not found
wos-ls-config-manager, 404 - page not found
wosplus,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wospyfile, detected pypi license: None
woss-contracts, detected pypi license: None
wostools,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
wot,
BSD license,
BSD license,
NOT Converted.
wotan,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wotapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wotconsole,
LICENSE.TXT,
LICENSE.TXT,
NOT Converted.
wotemu, detected pypi license: None
wotever,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wotpy, detected pypi license: None
wotragicrd, detected pypi license: None
wotreplay,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wotw-highlighter,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wotwrapper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woudc-extcsv,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woudc-formats,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woudc-qa,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wouldyourather, 404 - page not found
wound, 404 - page not found
woven,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
woven-gutter-gae,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wow,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wow-1, detected pypi license: None
wow-2, detected pypi license: None
wow-3, detected pypi license: None
wow-6, detected pypi license: None
wow-7, detected pypi license: None
wow-activityapi,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wow-addon-packager,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wowair,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wowapi,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wow-armoryapi,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wowclp,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wowfile, detected pypi license: None
wowlib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wowlint, detected pypi license: None
wowmetalogs, detected pypi license: None
wow-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wowp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wowpdf, detected pypi license: None
wowpy, detected pypi license: None
wow-realmstatusapi,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wows-api, detected pypi license: None
wows-api-async,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wowspy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wows-shell, detected pypi license: None
wowtool, detected pypi license: None
wowza,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
woyera, detected pypi license: None
wp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wp2corpus,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wp2github,
Copyright (c) 2013, Sergey Storchay.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.,
Copyright c 2013 Sergey Storchay.

Permission is hereby granted free of charge to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files the Software to deal
in the Software without restriction including without limitation the rights
to use copy modify merge publish distribute sublicense and/or sell
copies of the Software and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT TORT OR OTHERWISE ARISING FROM
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE,
NOT Converted.
wpa2slow,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wpa-config,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wpadmin,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
wpapi,
Community Clause BSD-3,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
wpa-pyfi,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
w-parser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpas,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpass, detected pypi license: None
wpa-supplicant,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wpasupplicantconf, detected pypi license: None
wpatestpackage, detected pypi license: None
wpath,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpathr, detected pypi license: None
wpbackup2,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wpbackuptool, detected pypi license: None
wpbiff,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpc,
GNU General Public License v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wpca,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wpcmd,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wpcraft, detected pypi license: None
wpcv, detected pypi license: None
wpd, detected pypi license: None
wpdatabase2,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpdatautil, detected pypi license: None
wpdb2dict, detected pypi license: None
wpd-countdown,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wpdetect,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpdevenvcreator, detected pypi license: None
wp-diveintolist,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wpd-mmxi-countdown,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wp-download,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wpd-policy, 404 - page not found
wp-dso-publish,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wp-dt,
AGPL,
AGPL,
NOT Converted.
wpedit,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wpexam,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wpexport,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpf,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpgtk,
GPL2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
wphelper, detected pypi license: None
wp-honeypot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wphp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpi,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
wpiformat,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
wpilib,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpilib-controller,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpilib-kinematics,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpkit, detected pypi license: None
wpkit2, detected pypi license: None
wplay,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wplinks,
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/,
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/,
NOT Converted.
wplot, detected pypi license: None
wplotlib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wplsync,
The MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wpm,
AGPL-3.0-only,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpmaker, 404 - page not found
wpm-api-client,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wp-md,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wpm-probability,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wpoke,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpool,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpparser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpppl,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wppy,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wps,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wps2opengms,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpscan-out-parse,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpscraper, detected pypi license: None
wpserver,
Clear BSD,
BSD-3-Clause-Clear,
Converted.
wps-light,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpspin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wps-remote,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wpstatic,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpsync,
GNU General Public License v3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wptablefinder,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wptextspinner, detected pypi license: None
wptherml, detected pypi license: None
wp-tinymath,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wp-toolbox, detected pypi license: None
wptools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wptools-clone,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpt-parser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wptranslate,
Copyright © 2014 – Baptiste Fontaine

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.,
Copyright © 2014 – Baptiste Fontaine

Permission is hereby granted free of charge to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files the Software to deal in
the Software without restriction including without limitation the rights to
use copy modify merge publish distribute sublicense and/or sell copies of
the Software and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT TORT OR OTHERWISE ARISING FROM OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE,
NOT Converted.
wptrunner,
MPL 2.0,
MPL-2.0,
Converted.
wptserve,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wpt-superset,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wpt-taobaocategory, detected pypi license: None
wpull,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wpupdater,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wp-version-checker,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wpwatcher,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wpx,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpxredisorm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpx-redis-orm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wpy,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wpydumps,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wpyfm, detected pypi license: None
wpyscan,
BEER-WARE,
BEER-WARE,
NOT Converted.
wq,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wq-app,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wq-build,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wq-core,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wq-create,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wq-db,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wqio,
BSD 3-clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
wq-io,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wqliebiao, detected pypi license: None
wqnmdb123456, detected pypi license: None
wqpdf, detected pypi license: None
wqrfnium,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wqrfnium-app,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wqrfproxy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wq-sdk,
BSD3 License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
wq-setup-demo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wq-start,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wqs-test, detected pypi license: None
wqt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wquantiles,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wqunlong-blog, detected pypi license: None
wqwqq,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wqxlib, detected pypi license: None
wqxweblib, detected pypi license: None
wr,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wracker,
License :: OSI Approved :: GNU Affero General Public License v3 or later (AGPLv3+),
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
wradex, detected pypi license: None
wradlib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrallen, detected pypi license: None
wrangalytics,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrangle,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wranglepy, detected pypi license: None
wrangle-pypes,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrangler,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrangler-lasso,
Apache 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wrap,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrap2,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrap-amqp,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
wrapanapi, detected pypi license: None
wrapapi, detected pypi license: None
wrap-astro-api, detected pypi license: None
wrapcache,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrapclib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrap-connection, detected pypi license: None
wrap-data-source, detected pypi license: None
wrapdll, detected pypi license: None
wrap-engine, detected pypi license: None
wrapenvars,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrap-exception, detected pypi license: None
wrap-genius,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wraphper, detected pypi license: None
wrapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrapio,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrapit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrapitup, detected pypi license: None
wraplite,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wraplot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrapmail, detected pypi license: None
wrap-mendru, detected pypi license: None
wrapml,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrapnumpy3,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wrappa, detected pypi license: None
wrapped, detected pypi license: None
wrappedbrowser,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
wrapped-exception, 404 - page not found
wrapper,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wrapper-base, detected pypi license: None
wrappercoreference, detected pypi license: None
wrappercreater,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrappers,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wrapperwsd, detected pypi license: None
wrapping,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrappingpaper,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wrapplotly, detected pypi license: None
wrappy, detected pypi license: None
wrap-py, detected pypi license: None
wrap-pybind11,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wrappydas,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wrapr, 404 - page not found
wrapspawner,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wrapt,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wrapt-bootstrap, detected pypi license: None
wraptitude, detected pypi license: None
wraptools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wraptor,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
wrapt-patches, detected pypi license: None
wrapt-timeout-decorator, detected pypi license: None
wrapup, 404 - page not found
wrapy, 404 - page not found
wrapymongo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrarc, detected pypi license: None
wrath,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrattler-data-store,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrattler-python-service,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wr-attrs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrc,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wr-drf-oidc-auth,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrds, detected pypi license: None
wrds2pg, detected pypi license: None
wrds2postgres, detected pypi license: None
wrds-tools, detected pypi license: None
wrdstopg, detected pypi license: None
wread, detected pypi license: None
wreader,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrecked, detected pypi license: None
wre-commit,
GNU GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wrecon,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrector-library,
unlicensed,
unlicensed,
NOT Converted.
wren,
Apache 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wrench,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrenchbox, detected pypi license: None
wrencher,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrenches, detected pypi license: None
wrenet,
Apache License (2.0),
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wrenlab,
AGPLv3+,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
wrepl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wres,
Public Domain,
Public Domain,
NOT Converted.
wrest,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wrestful, detected pypi license: None
wrestle, detected pypi license: None
wrestler, detected pypi license: None
wrestling, detected pypi license: None
wrestlr, detected pypi license: None
wretch, 404 - page not found
wrf4g,
European Union Public License 1.1,
EUPL-1.1,
Converted.
wrfconf,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrfhydropy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrfpy,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wrfpyapp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrf-python,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wrfy, detected pypi license: None
wriggle,
GPL-2+,
GPL-2.0-or-later,
Converted.
wright,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrightsim,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrighttools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrimg,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrip, detected pypi license: None
writ,
Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike license,
Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike license,
NOT Converted.
writable-property,
Unlicense,
Unlicense,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
write,
Unlicense,
Unlicense,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
write2file,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
write2list, detected pypi license: None
write-about-code,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
writeas-anon,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
writeasapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
writeas-view-extractor, detected pypi license: None
write-composition, detected pypi license: None
writefile,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
writefile-run,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
writefile-wing,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
writefreelyapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
writefreely-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
writefull, detected pypi license: None
writegoodlintbear,
AGPL-3.0,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
write-in-blob, detected pypi license: None
writelog,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
write-log-tool,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
write-me,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
writenotprint, 404 - page not found
writeondiff, detected pypi license: None
write-patch,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
write-print,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
writeprints,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
writepy,
mit,
MIT,
Converted.
writer,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
writerblocks,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
writer-cm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
write-read, detected pypi license: None
writerscript,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
writesomelowstotxt-wing,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
writeup,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
writeup-tool,
CC0,
CC0-1.0,
Converted.
writewiki, 404 - page not found
writhub, detected pypi license: None
writing-nuuuwan, detected pypi license: None
writing-style,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
writracker,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wrk,
Apache License, Version 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wrk2img,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrk-cad, detected pypi license: None
wrkloadgeneratortoolbox,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrk-load-tools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrktools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrktools-xlsx,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrlc,
none,
none,
NOT Converted.
wrld,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wromailer, detected pypi license: None
wrong, detected pypi license: None
wronganswer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrong-answer, detected pypi license: None
wronnay-search-lib,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wrpclient,
GNU GPLv3 License,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wr-profiles,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrs, detected pypi license: None
wr-schemas,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrtdk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrtview,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wrun,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wryte,
LICENSE,
LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
wryten, detected pypi license: None
ws,
lgpl,
lgpl,
NOT Converted.
ws2801-rpi,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
ws2812,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ws2s-python,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ws2udp, detected pypi license: None
ws2x-vjsrinivas, detected pypi license: None
ws3, detected pypi license: None
ws4py,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsaccel,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
wsa-cli,
The MIT License
===============

Copyright (c) 2014 Eric Bower

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.,
MIT,
Converted.
wsaio, detected pypi license: None
ws-amqp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsapi4plone-client,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wsapi4plone-core,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wsappy, detected pypi license: None
wsbtrading,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ws-caldavcheck,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
ws-callbacks,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wscan,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wscelery,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wscheck,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wsclient,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ws-common, detected pypi license: None
wscomsrv, detected pypi license: None
wsconfig,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wscore,
MIL,
MIL,
NOT Converted.
wscrap, detected pypi license: None
wscraper,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wscreenshot,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wscutils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wscutls, 404 - page not found
wsdaprob, detected pypi license: None
ws-ddns,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
ws-dependencychecker,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
wsdflow, detected pypi license: None
wsdiscovery, detected pypi license: None
wsdl2interface,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
ws-docutils,
Public Domain, GFDL, BSD,
Public Domain GFDL BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsdottraffic,
Unlicense,
Unlicense,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsearch,
Apache Licence 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wsebas-attackoftheorcs,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
wserializer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi18n,
GNU LGPL http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html,
GNU LGPL http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html,
NOT Converted.
wsgi2cgi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-accelerator,
The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2013 Carl Byström

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.,
MIT,
Converted.
wsgiakismet,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgiapptools,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgiappversion,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgiauth,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgiauth0,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-aws-unproxy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-basic-auth,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-basic-auth-isl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgibrotli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-cache,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-chronometer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgicli,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wsgi-content-modifier,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsgicors,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wsgi-cors-middleware,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgid,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsgidav,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-deflect, detected pypi license: None
wsgidelegator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-design, detected pypi license: None
wsgi-django-media,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgifileserver,
GNU GPL,
GNU GPL,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-fileserver,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgifilter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgiform,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgifront,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgifw, detected pypi license: None
wsgigo, detected pypi license: None
wsgi-graphql,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgigzip,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-harakiri,
ISCL,
ISC,
Converted.
wsgihatenaauth,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgiheaders,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wsgi-intercept,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wsgijson,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-jsonrpc,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-jwt-session,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-kerberos,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgikit,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wsgi-lag, 404 - page not found
wsgi-lineprof,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-listener, detected pypi license: None
wsgi-listenme,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
wsgilite,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-lite,
ASF,
ASF,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-liveserver,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wsgilog,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgimagic,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-microservice-middleware,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-middleware,
None,
None,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-mod-rpaf, detected pypi license: None
wsgi-module, detected pypi license: None
wsgi-monitor,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-monitor3, detected pypi license: None
wsgi-monkeytype,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgim-record,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgim-rip,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgintegrate,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wsgioauth,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-oauth2,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
wsgioauth-zodb,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-objgraph,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgioverlay,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgipack,
GNU AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wsgi-party,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-pratchett,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsgipreload,
Apache License,
Apache License,
NOT Converted.
wsgiprof,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsgiprofile,
MIT / X / Expat License,
MIT,
Converted.
wsgi-profiler,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-prometheus,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wsgiprox,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wsgiproxy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-proxy,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wsgiproxy2,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgiref,
PSF or ZPL,
PSF-2.0,
Converted.
wsgiremote,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-request-id,
The ISC License (ISC)
Copyright (c) 2015 Rhys Elsmore

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for
any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the
above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all
copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR
PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.,
ISC,
Converted.
wsgi-request-logger,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-request-logger-bepro,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgirewrite,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgirouter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgirpc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgisampleiisapp,
GPL version 3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wsgi-seo-iframe,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-seo-js,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsgiserialize,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgiserve,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgiserver,
GNU LGPLv3+,
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
wsgiservice,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgiservlets,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wsgisession,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
wsgissi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgissi-skot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-sslify,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsgistate,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-static, detected pypi license: None
wsgi-static-middleware,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wsgi-statsd,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
wsgi-status,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgistraw,
GNU LGPL,
GNU LGPL,
NOT Converted.
wsgisubdomain,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-supervisor,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsgisvc,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wsgit,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wsgitalkback,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wsgitemplates,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgitest,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgitestcase,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgithumb,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgitoolbox, detected pypi license: None
wsgitools,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wsgitools-hakrac, 404 - page not found
ws-gitpersona,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-tracer,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wsgitrml2pdf,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
wsgitypes,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgi-ua-mapper,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsgiunproxy,
Public Domain,
Public Domain,
NOT Converted.
wsgiutils,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgiview,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-vmprof,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wsgiwapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgiwatch,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-wovn,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wsgixhtml2html,
X11,
X11,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgixml,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsgi-xmlrpc,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsgize,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
ws-grid-pager,
GNU General Public License v2 (GPLv2),
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
wsh,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wshook, detected pypi license: None
wshubsapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsi-handling,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsimple, detected pypi license: None
wsinfo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsing007-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsipre,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsiprocess,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wsipy, detected pypi license: None
wsireg,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
wsit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsit-python,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsjson,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsjsonrpc, detected pypi license: None
wsk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsk-input-validator,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wsl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsl2gpg, detected pypi license: None
wslexplorer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wslink,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wslm,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wslogtail, detected pypi license: None
wsl-path-converter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsl-path-exe, detected pypi license: None
wslpy,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wsltools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsl-tools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsl-tray, detected pypi license: None
wsl-windows-toolbar, detected pypi license: None
wslwinreg,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
ws-mailcheck,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
wsman,
Dell Software License,
Dell Software License,
NOT Converted.
wsme,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsme-extdirect,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsme-soap,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsme-sqlalchemy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsmocky,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsmprpc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsnc,
ISC License,
ISC,
Converted.
wsnet, detected pypi license: None
ws-nginxdbauth,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
wsnotifier, detected pypi license: None
wsnsimpy, detected pypi license: None
wsn-toolkit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wso, detected pypi license: None
wsocket,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsomailer, 404 - page not found
wspaceping,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wspc, detected pypi license: None
wspdf, detected pypi license: None
wspeaker, detected pypi license: None
wsperf,
AGPL,
AGPL,
NOT Converted.
wspg,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ws-plusfeed,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
wspr,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
ws-prometheus-uptimerobot,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
wsproto,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
ws-proxy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wspr-server, detected pypi license: None
wspr-varint,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
wsps,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsp-tools, detected pypi license: None
wspy,
3-clause BSD License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
wsq,
CeCILL-C,
CECILL-C,
Converted.
wsql,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wsql-sdk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsqluse, detected pypi license: None
ws-rebalancer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ws-recorder,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
wsreload,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsrequests,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wsrlab-demo, detected pypi license: None
wsrpc,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsrpc-aiohttp,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
wsrpc-tornado,
Apache 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ws-rsspull,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
ws-sdk,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
wsseauth,
GPLv3 or any later version,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
wsseheaders,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wssh,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ws-sheets,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ws-sheets-server,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsshuttle, detected pypi license: None
ws-sizzle,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wss-plugin,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wssplugin-integration,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wsssimpletest,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wsstat,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ws-storage,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wssx126, detected pypi license: None
wst,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wstan,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsterm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wstool,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wstool-cd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wstools,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wstools-py3,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wstrade-alhparsa, detected pypi license: None
wstring, detected pypi license: None
wstund,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
wstunnel,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wsu-autograder,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ws-ui, detected pypi license: None
wsurf,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsvg,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
ws-watcher, detected pypi license: None
ws-web-aiohttp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ws-webpasswd,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
wswrapper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wsx, detected pypi license: None
wsy-captcha,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wsync, detected pypi license: None
wszst-yaz0, detected pypi license: None
wszst-yaz0-c, detected pypi license: None
wt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtafinance, detected pypi license: None
wtalchemy,
mit,
MIT,
Converted.
wtbox,
http://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wtc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtcrud,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtdojo, detected pypi license: None
wtdpy, detected pypi license: None
wte, detected pypi license: None
wtee,
Revised BSD License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
wterm,
gpl-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wtest,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wtf,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtf-backhoe, detected pypi license: None
wtfix, detected pypi license: None
wtfml,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wtfmongoengine,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtform,
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/,
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/,
NOT Converted.
wtforms,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtforms-alchemy,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtforms-appengine,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtforms-components,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtforms-django,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtforms-django-alex,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtforms-dynamic-fields,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtforms-ext,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtforms-extras,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtforms-field-factory,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtforms-geo,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtforms-hcaptcha,
GPL-3.0-only,
GPL-3.0-only,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtforms-html5,
GNU GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wtforms-json,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtforms-jsonschema,
New BSD License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
wtforms-jsonschema2, detected pypi license: None
wtforms-ndb,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wtforms-parsley, detected pypi license: None
wtforms-parsleyjs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtforms-polyglot,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtforms-recaptcha,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtforms-sqlalchemy,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtforms-sqlalchemy-mlenzen,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtforms-test,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtforms-tornado,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wtformsvalidation, detected pypi license: None
wtforms-validators, detected pypi license: None
wtforms-webwidgets,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wtforms-widgets,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
wtformvalidation,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtf-otp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtf-peewee,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtfpython,
WTFPL 2.0,
WTFPL,
Converted.
wtframework,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
wtfridge,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wtf-server,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtftest, detected pypi license: None
wtf-test, detected pypi license: None
wtf-tinymce,
GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wtftz,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wtfuzz, detected pypi license: None
wtg-seal,
gpl3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wthell, detected pypi license: None
wthen, detected pypi license: None
wthings-gateway,
Apache Software License (Apache Software License 2.0),
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wthr, detected pypi license: None
wtime,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtj,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wtk, detected pypi license: None
wtlike,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wtm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wt-mgr, detected pypi license: None
wto, detected pypi license: None
wtools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtool-utils, detected pypi license: None
wtoolzargs, detected pypi license: None
wtoolzexceptions, detected pypi license: None
wtop,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
wtouch, detected pypi license: None
wtp, detected pypi license: None
wtpdf, detected pypi license: None
wtphm, detected pypi license: None
wtphm-lkev, 404 - page not found
wtprogress,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wt-pygardena,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wtpython, detected pypi license: None
wtrwrks, detected pypi license: None
wtsize, detected pypi license: None
wtss,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtsubspace,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
wt-superset,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wttaby-pkg-davidvavilov, 404 - page not found
wtte,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wttime,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wttr, detected pypi license: None
wttrpy, detected pypi license: None
wtu,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wtvmeans,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wtwobai,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wtylistdir, detected pypi license: None
wty-listdir, detected pypi license: None
wtypes,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wu,
CC0,
CC0-1.0,
Converted.
wuafeing,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wu-aut-register-script, detected pypi license: None
wubi,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wud, detected pypi license: None
wudaodict,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wudder,
GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wudesim-py,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
wudi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wu-diff,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wuecampy, 404 - page not found
wufeiliuguang-first-package,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
wufeiliuguang-first-package1,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
wufeiliuguang-first-package2,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
wufenglibs,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wugeo,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wuguannan,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wuhan2019ncov,
Apache2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wuhan-stats,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
wui, detected pypi license: None
wujietextproject, detected pypi license: None
wukai-test-0109, 404 - page not found
wukai-test-0227, 404 - page not found
wukong, detected pypi license: None
wukong-gcp, detected pypi license: None
wukongqueue, detected pypi license: None
wulaisdk,
LICENSE Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wulffpack,
Mozilla Public License 2.0 (MPL 2.0),
MPL-2.0,
Converted.
wulfmann-constructs, detected pypi license: None
wumappy,
GNU GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wumbo, detected pypi license: None
wumb-to-sqlite,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wuml,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wumpus, detected pypi license: None
wumpus-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wundercell, detected pypi license: None
wunderclient,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wunderground-pws,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wunderlist,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wunderpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wunderpy2,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wunderpy2-python-3-fixes,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wunderpython,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wundertool,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wunderweather, detected pypi license: None
wuppercodegen,
APACHE-LICENSE-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wupunci-test, detected pypi license: None
wuqiwei,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wurfapi,
BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
wurfl-cloud,
Copyright (c) 2015 ScientiaMobile Inc.
 
 The WURFL Cloud Client is intended to be used in both open-source and
 commercial environments. To allow its use in as many situations as possible,
 the WURFL Cloud Client is dual-licensed. You may choose to use the WURFL
 Cloud Client under either the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE, Version 2.0, or
 the MIT License.
 
 Refer to the COPYING.txt file distributed with this package.,
MIT,
Converted.
wurfl-paypal,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wurfl-python,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wurlitzer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wurm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wurst,
BSD 3-clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
wurtzisms, detected pypi license: None
wusa,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wuschl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wusir, detected pypi license: None
wutang,
GNU GPL,
GNU GPL,
NOT Converted.
wutangy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wutch,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wutdn, detected pypi license: None
wutianrui,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wutil,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wutils,
LICENSE,
LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
wutongchain-cts,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wutong-search,
Apache Licence 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wutu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wuutils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wuxi,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wuy,
GPL-2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
wuzhengyatest,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wuzzynaming,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wuzzy-naming,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wv,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wva,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wvely, detected pypi license: None
wvflib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wvfreader, detected pypi license: None
wvianey,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wvlet,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wvm, 404 - page not found
wvpy,
License :: OSI Approved :: BSD 3-clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
ww,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wwa-app-example, detected pypi license: None
wwa-app-example-test, detected pypi license: None
wwa-app-test, detected pypi license: None
wwc129, detected pypi license: None
wwc129-sync-setting, 404 - page not found
wwchartlib,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wwcpylib, detected pypi license: None
wwcpytools, detected pypi license: None
wwdata,
GNU General Public License v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wwexercise,
GNU,
GNU,
NOT Converted.
wwf,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwg-athletelist,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wwg-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wwidget, detected pypi license: None
wwitzel-scaffolds,
BSD-derived http://www.repoze.org/LICENSE.txt,
BSD-derived http://www.repoze.org/LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
wwl, detected pypi license: None
wwm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wwo-hist, detected pypi license: None
wwpdb-io,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwpdb-utils-align,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwpdb-utils-cc-dict-util,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwpdb-utils-config,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwpdb-utils-db,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwpdb-utils-detach,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwpdb-utils-dp,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwpdb-utils-emdb,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwpdb-utils-markdown-wrapper,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwpdb-utils-message-queue,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwpdb-utils-oe-util,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwpdb-utils-seqdb-v2,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwpdb-utils-session,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwpdb-utils-testing,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwpdb-utils-wf,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwpdb-utils-ws-utils,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wwpolytechnique-distributions, detected pypi license: None
wwp-shopfronts,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wwp-staticnav,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wwp-theme,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wwp-translate,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wwp-twitter,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wwr-api, detected pypi license: None
wws,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wwsclient,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wwscraper,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wwt-data-formats,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wwu, detected pypi license: None
wwu-tinker,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wwvb, detected pypi license: None
www,
GNU Affero General Public License v3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
www-authenticate,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wwwclient,
License :: OSI Approved :: GNU Library or Lesser General Public License (LGPL),
License :: OSI Approved :: GNU Library or Lesser General Public License LGPL,
NOT Converted.
wwwoman,
GPL-3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
www-rottentomatoes,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wwx,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wwyatt,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wwyeutupm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wx, 404 - page not found
wx2b, detected pypi license: None
wx2pdf, detected pypi license: None
wxaddons,
wxWidgets Library License (LGPL derivative),
wxWidgets Library License LGPL derivative,
NOT Converted.
wxanythread,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxapi,
GPL3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wxappbar,
BSD-style, see license.txt for details,
BSD-style see license.txt for details,
NOT Converted.
wxasync,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxautocompletectrl,
BSD-2-Clause,
BSD-2-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxb-fuxi,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wxbinder,
MPL-2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
wxb-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wxbot, detected pypi license: None
wxbreads,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wxbs-benchmark,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wxbtool, detected pypi license: None
wxc,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wxcast,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
wxchatlib, detected pypi license: None
wxcloudsdk,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wxconfig, detected pypi license: None
wxconv,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wx-data-jq,
ABC,
ABC,
NOT Converted.
wxdc,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
wxdebug,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 2, June 1991,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
wxgbot, detected pypi license: None
wxgen,
LGPL-3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wxgfuntest1,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxgfuntest3321, 404 - page not found
wxgl, detected pypi license: None
wxgnester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wxgoodies,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wx-icons-adwaita,
GNU Lesser General Public License v3 or later (LGPLv3+),
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
wxiconsaver,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wx-icons-hicolor,
GNU Lesser General Public License v3 or later (LGPLv3+),
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
wx-icons-humanity,
GNU General Public License v2 (GPLv2),
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
wx-icons-suru,
GNU Lesser General Public License v3 or later (LGPLv3+),
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
wx-icons-tango,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wxkit,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wxleaf,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
wxlinuxprebuild, 404 - page not found
wxlog,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wxltz, detected pypi license: None
wxmp-cli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxmplib,
Copyright(c)2010-2019 Tencent All Rights Reserved.,
bzip2-1.0.6,
Converted.
wxmplot,
OSI Approved :: MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wxmpy, detected pypi license: None
wxnatpy,
Apache License Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wxnotify, detected pypi license: None
wxoo,
BSD-style, see license.txt for details,
BSD-style see license.txt for details,
NOT Converted.
wxoptparse,
GNU GPL,
GNU GPL,
NOT Converted.
wxparser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxpay,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wxpay-sdk,
Free,
Free,
NOT Converted.
wxpropertygrid,
wxWidgets Library License (LGPL derivative),
wxWidgets Library License LGPL derivative,
NOT Converted.
wxpusher,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wxpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wx-py,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wxpygamevideoplayer,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
wxpython,
wxWindows Library License (https://opensource.org/licenses/wxwindows.php),
wxWindows Library License https://opensource.org/licenses/wxwindows.php,
NOT Converted.
wxpython-common,
wxWidgets Library License (LGPL derivative),
wxWidgets Library License LGPL derivative,
NOT Converted.
wxpython-installer, 404 - page not found
wxpython-piano-roll, detected pypi license: None
wxpython-slider-bank-creator, detected pypi license: None
wxpython-zombie,
wxWindows Library License (https://opensource.org/licenses/wxwindows.php),
wxWindows Library License https://opensource.org/licenses/wxwindows.php,
NOT Converted.
wxreply,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxrobot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxr-parser,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wx-sdk,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
wxsendmsg,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxsftp,
GNU General Public License (GPL),
GNU General Public License GPL,
NOT Converted.
wx-skeleton,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wxterminal,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wxtestlib, detected pypi license: None
wxtextview,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wxtoolslujx,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
wxtrio,
BSD 3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
wxtwitterbot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxunhandledexceptionmanager, detected pypi license: None
wxutils,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wxviews,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxvkmusic,
GNU General Public License v3 or later (GPLv3+),
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
wxwidgets,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wxwize,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxworkbot,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
wxx, detected pypi license: None
wxyalice,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxy-csv,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxyellen,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxy-mail,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxy-mysql,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxyz, detected pypi license: None
wxyz-core,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxyz-datagrid,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxyz-dvcs,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxyz-html,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxyz-json-e,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxyz-jsonld,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxyz-json-schema-form,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxyz-lab,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxyz-notebooks,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxyz-svg,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxyz-tpl-jinja,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wxyz-yaml,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wy, detected pypi license: None
wyatt,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wyb, detected pypi license: None
wybrobin-aa,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
wybrobin-aa2,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
wycena-pojazdow, detected pypi license: None
wydtest,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
wydtools,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
wyff,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
wyfy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wyh, detected pypi license: None
wykop-sdk,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
wykop-sdk-reborn,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wylie,
Apache v2.0 License,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
wyliozero, detected pypi license: None
wylog,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wyltestlib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wyl-test-lib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wymypy,
GPL2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
wymypy-ng,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wyn,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wy-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wynker,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wynncraft, detected pypi license: None
wyn-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wynn-py, detected pypi license: None
wypy, detected pypi license: None
wyqhello, detected pypi license: None
wyqpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wyqpython,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
wyrd, detected pypi license: None
wyre, detected pypi license: None
wyrkspace, detected pypi license: None
wyrm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wysdom, detected pypi license: None
wy-sentry-dingding,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wysiweb,
LICENSE,
LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
wyspypi001, detected pypi license: None
wystia,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wythoff-construct, detected pypi license: None
wyvern,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
wyxtest,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wyzeapi, detected pypi license: None
wyzeapi-joshmulliken, detected pypi license: None
wyzeapy, detected pypi license: None
wyzecam,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wyze-sdk,
The Unlicense,
Unlicense,
Converted.
wyzesense, detected pypi license: None
wz, detected pypi license: None
wzarp, detected pypi license: None
wzh123-package,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wzj, detected pypi license: None
wzk, detected pypi license: None
wzl-sum, 404 - page not found
wzmsgpackrpc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wznpackage, detected pypi license: None
wznpackage-py, 404 - page not found
wzone,
GPL-3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
wzry-spider,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
wztnester, detected pypi license: None
wz-uniform-crawler, detected pypi license: None
wzx, detected pypi license: None
x,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
x0m-quickserver,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x100daemon,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x100http,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x100idgen,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x10-any, detected pypi license: None
x10-blackjack, detected pypi license: None
x11client, detected pypi license: None
x11-hash,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
x11-hashw, detected pypi license: None
x11util, detected pypi license: None
x12-utils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x13bcd-hash, detected pypi license: None
x13-hash, detected pypi license: None
x16cli, detected pypi license: None
x16r-hash,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x16rt-hash, detected pypi license: None
x16rv2-hash,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x16s-hash, detected pypi license: None
x17-hash, detected pypi license: None
x1x,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x20157576-sns-pkg, detected pypi license: None
x256,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x256-img, detected pypi license: None
x2cdict, detected pypi license: None
x2graph,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
x2paddle,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
x2paper,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
x2polygons,
GNU General Public License v2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
x2py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x2t,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x2vec,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
x2webrtc,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
x2x,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x2y,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x30, detected pypi license: None
x3d, detected pypi license: None
x3dase,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
x3dh,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x3-profit-review, detected pypi license: None
x448-python, detected pypi license: None
x4i3, detected pypi license: None
x5,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
x509,
LGPL-2.0-or-later,
LGPL-2.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x5092json,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
x509middleware, detected pypi license: None
x52, detected pypi license: None
x52-control,
GPL2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
x64trace,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
x690,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x6tunnel,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
x7, detected pypi license: None
x735-v2-5, detected pypi license: None
x7-geom, detected pypi license: None
x7-lib, detected pypi license: None
x7-testing, detected pypi license: None
x7-view, detected pypi license: None
x84,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x86bmi, detected pypi license: None
x86cpu,
BSD license,
BSD license,
NOT Converted.
xa,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xaal-bugone,
GPL License,
GPL License,
NOT Converted.
xaalis-point, detected pypi license: None
xaal-rfswitch,
GPL License,
GPL License,
NOT Converted.
xac,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xacc, detected pypi license: None
xacc-vqe, detected pypi license: None
xacro, detected pypi license: None
xacro4sdf,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xacs, 404 - page not found
xact,
AGPL-3.0-only,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xacto,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xactor, detected pypi license: None
xades,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xadix-argparse-tree,
CC0-1.0,
CC0-1.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xadix-cloudflare, detected pypi license: None
xadix-dnspod, detected pypi license: None
xadmin,
Copyright (c) Django Xadmin and individual contributors.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
       this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    
    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
       documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    3. Neither the name of Django Xadmin nor the names of its contributors may be used
       to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
       specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.,
Copyright c Django Xadmin and individual contributors.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms with or without modification
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice 
       this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    
    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
       notice this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
       documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    3. Neither the name of Django Xadmin nor the names of its contributors may be used
       to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
       specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT INDIRECT INCIDENTAL SPECIAL EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES
LOSS OF USE DATA OR PROFITS OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY WHETHER IN CONTRACT STRICT LIABILITY OR TORT
INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE,
NOT Converted.
xadmin2,
Copyright (c) Django Xadmin and individual contributors.,
Copyright c Django Xadmin and individual contributors,
NOT Converted.
xadmin-captcha,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xadmin-croxlink,
Copyright (c) Django Xadmin and individual contributors.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
       this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    
    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
       documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    3. Neither the name of Django Xadmin nor the names of its contributors may be used
       to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
       specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.,
Copyright c Django Xadmin and individual contributors.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms with or without modification
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice 
       this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    
    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
       notice this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
       documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    3. Neither the name of Django Xadmin nor the names of its contributors may be used
       to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
       specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT INDIRECT INCIDENTAL SPECIAL EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES
LOSS OF USE DATA OR PROFITS OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY WHETHER IN CONTRACT STRICT LIABILITY OR TORT
INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE,
NOT Converted.
xadmin-croxlink2,
Copyright (c) Django Xadmin and individual contributors.,
Copyright c Django Xadmin and individual contributors,
NOT Converted.
xadmind3, detected pypi license: None
xadmin-django,
Copyright (c) Django Xadmin and individual contributors.,
Copyright c Django Xadmin and individual contributors,
NOT Converted.
xadmin-nimbus,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xadmin-py3,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xadmin-x,
Copyright (c) Django Xadmin and individual contributors.,
Copyright c Django Xadmin and individual contributors,
NOT Converted.
xadrpy,
GNU GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
x-ae-a-12,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xaero,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xaero2,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xafsmass,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xagg,
GNU General Public License (GPL),
GNU General Public License GPL,
NOT Converted.
xagi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xai,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-ai, detected pypi license: None
xaib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xai-hello, detected pypi license: None
xai-image-widget, detected pypi license: None
xail,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xai-metrics,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xain, 404 - page not found
xain-aggregators,
Apache License Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xain-fl,
Apache License Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xain-proto,
Apache License Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xain-sdk,
Apache License Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xairos-arc, detected pypi license: None
xai-smiles, 404 - page not found
xai-tabular-widget, detected pypi license: None
xaitk-saliency,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xako, detected pypi license: None
xal,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xalanih, detected pypi license: None
xalc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xaled-scrapers, detected pypi license: None
xaled-utils, detected pypi license: None
xaler,
BSD 3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xalglib,
GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xalpha, detected pypi license: None
xam,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xamarin-legos, detected pypi license: None
xamcheck-utils,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xaml,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
xample-config-manager,
Other::Proprietary,
Other::Proprietary,
NOT Converted.
xamples,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xampy, detected pypi license: None
xana,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xanadu,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
xanalogica-tumbler,
GPL 3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xanathar, detected pypi license: None
xander, detected pypi license: None
xander-mlops, 404 - page not found
xandikos,
GNU GPLv3 or later,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xando, detected pypi license: None
xandr,
GPL-3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xanes,
GNU General Public License v3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xanespy, detected pypi license: None
xanimeporn,
GNU General Public License v3 or later (GPLv3+),
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xanity,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xanthus,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xapdbclib,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
xapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xapian-bindings,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xapiand,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xapian-haystack,
GPL2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
xapiparser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xapo-sdk,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xappt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xappt-qt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xappy,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
x-aps, detected pypi license: None
xaptum-tpm-python,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xapwrap,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xapy, detected pypi license: None
xaql,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xar,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xaralapdf, detected pypi license: None
xarc, detected pypi license: None
xargs,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xargsd, detected pypi license: None
xarm, detected pypi license: None
xarn-asodb,
Proprietary,
Proprietary,
NOT Converted.
xarray,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xarray-accessors,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xarray-beam,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xarray-behave, detected pypi license: None
xarray-compare,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xarray-cube,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xarray-custom,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xarray-dataclasses,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xarray-events,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xarray-extras,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xarray-fits,
GNU General Public License v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xarray-keras,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xarray-leaflet,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xarray-mongodb,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xarray-ms, detected pypi license: None
xarray-multiscale, detected pypi license: None
xarray-pickler,
BSD - see LICENSE file in top-level package directory,
BSD - see LICENSE file in top-level package directory,
NOT Converted.
xarray-quantity,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xarray-regex, detected pypi license: None
xarray-sentinel,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xarray-simlab,
BSD-Clause3,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xarray-spatial, detected pypi license: None
xarray-stac,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xarray-topo,
BSD-Clause3,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xarrayutils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xart,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xart3, 404 - page not found
xarticle,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xas, detected pypi license: None
xasm,
GPL-2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
xaspy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xatelite,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xatk,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xatlas,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xatpapi, detected pypi license: None
x-atp-api, detected pypi license: None
x-atp-cli, detected pypi license: None
xattr,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xattr-compat, detected pypi license: None
xausky,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xauth, detected pypi license: None
xautodl,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
xavi, detected pypi license: None
xavier,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xaws, detected pypi license: None
xawsprofile,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-axis-lib, detected pypi license: None
xaxtsuxo,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xaynet-sdk-python,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xb,
Apache License,
Apache License,
NOT Converted.
xbahn,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
xbart,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbase, detected pypi license: None
xbase64, detected pypi license: None
xbasin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbatcher,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xbbg,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xbcausalforest,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbcf,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
xbcfg,
LICENSE,
LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
xbee,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbee-helper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbeetransmission,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbem,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbimer-cli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbin,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xbktree, detected pypi license: None
xblock,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xblock-image-modal,
AGPL-3.0,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xblock-launchcontainer, detected pypi license: None
xblock-openedx,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xblock-openedx-utils,
AGPL-3.0,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xblock-prismjs, detected pypi license: None
xblock-problem-builder, detected pypi license: None
xblock-proctor-exam,
AGPL 3.0,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xblock-review,
AGPL v3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xblock-sdk, detected pypi license: None
xblock-utils, detected pypi license: None
xbmc-client,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbmc-json,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbmcswift2,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbnet,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbob-buildout,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-daq,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-arface,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-atnt,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-atvskeystroke,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-banca,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-biosecure,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-biosecurid-face,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-casia-fasd,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-casme2,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-caspeal,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-faceverif-fl,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-fir, 404 - page not found
xbob-db-frgc,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-gbu,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-lfw,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-lfwidentification,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-maskattack,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-mnist,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-mobio,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-multipie,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-nist-sre12,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-nuaa,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-replay,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-scface,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-utfvp,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-vera,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-verification-filelist,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-verification-utils,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-voxforge,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-wine,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-db-xm2vts,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-example-faceverify,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-example-lda,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-extension,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-fingervein,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-flandmark,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-gender-bimodal,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-measure-bootstraps,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-measure-idmeasure,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-mlp-lbfgs,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-optflow-liu,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-paper-biosig2014,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
xbob-paper-btfs2013,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-paper-example,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-paper-jmlr2013,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-paper-tpami2013,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-sox,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbob-thesis-elshafey2014,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbokeh, detected pypi license: None
xboomx,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xbos, detected pypi license: None
xbos-services-getter, detected pypi license: None
xbos-services-utils2, detected pypi license: None
xbos-services-utils3, detected pypi license: None
x-bot, detected pypi license: None
xbotium,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbotlib,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbout,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xbow,
MIT license.,
MIT,
Converted.
xbowflow,
MIT license.,
MIT,
Converted.
xbox,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbox360controller,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xboxapi,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xboxcontroller,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xboxgamertag, detected pypi license: None
xbox-remote,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbox-smartglass-auxiliary,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xbox-smartglass-core,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbox-smartglass-core-asyncio,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xbox-smartglass-nano,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbox-smartglass-rest,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xbox-smartglass-stump,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xbox-webapi,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xbox-webapi-ex,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xbpch,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbr,
Apache 2.0 License,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xbrain,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xbrief,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbrl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbrl2rdf,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xbrlassembler, detected pypi license: None
xbrl-dart,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xbrl-explorer, 404 - page not found
xbrli-converter, detected pypi license: None
xbrl-parser, detected pypi license: None
xbrr,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbrz-py,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbsryzmvon, detected pypi license: None
xbstrap,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xbundle,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xbus,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xbus-broker,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xbus-file-emitter,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xbus-monitor,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xbutil-gui, detected pypi license: None
xbvc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xc,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xcache,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcal3d,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xcalibu, detected pypi license: None
xcaliburmethodreader,
GNU,
GNU,
NOT Converted.
xcal-raman,
GNU GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xcam,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcamera, detected pypi license: None
xcanvas,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-captcha,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xcat,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcauto, detected pypi license: None
xcbl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xccdfparser, detected pypi license: None
xcdb,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xcell,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xcesionpackage,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcessiv,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xcffib,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xcfont, detected pypi license: None
xcfsyslogger,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchain, detected pypi license: None
xchainer, detected pypi license: None
xchainpy-binance,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchainpy-bitcoin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchainpy-bitcoincash,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchainpy-client,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchainpy-crypto,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchainpy-ethereum,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchainpy-litecoin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchainpy-thorchain,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchainpy-util,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchange,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchange-mail,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchanger-suite-integration,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchatbot, detected pypi license: None
xchem-db,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xchem-ot,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xchg,
Unlicense,
Unlicense,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchk-core,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchk-git-content,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchk-multiple-choice-strategies,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchk-mysql-comparison-strategies,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchk-regex-strategies,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchk-tmux-content,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xchrome,
Dexy License,
Dexy License,
NOT Converted.
xc-ip-info,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
xcirculardichro,
See LICENSE File,
See LICENSE File,
NOT Converted.
xcix,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcj, detected pypi license: None
xclarity-client,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xclearx, detected pypi license: None
xcli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xclient,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xclim,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xclipboard,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xc-loc,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
xcloudpy, detected pypi license: None
x-cloud-py, detected pypi license: None
xcltk,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcluster,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xcmd,
apache,
apache,
NOT Converted.
xcmocean,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcms,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xcodearchive,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcodeproj,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcode-releasemaker,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xcodestream, detected pypi license: None
xcodetool,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcode-toolbox,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcolor,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcom, detected pypi license: None
xcom-232i,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcom2modsync,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcom485i,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcomcan,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcomfort, detected pypi license: None
xcomfortmqtt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcomment, detected pypi license: None
xcommon,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcompact3d-toolbox, detected pypi license: None
xcomposite, detected pypi license: None
xconfig,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xconnector,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xconnectpy,
Apache2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xconverter, detected pypi license: None
xcore,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xcorvar,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcoscmd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcover-expression-language, detected pypi license: None
xcovlib,
Copyright (c) 2019, Cover Genius,
Copyright c 2019 Cover Genius,
NOT Converted.
xcp,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xcpengine-container, detected pypi license: None
xcp-esgar, detected pypi license: None
xcppcloud, 404 - page not found
xcproxy,
MPL-2.0,
MPL-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcrawler,
GNU GPL v2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
xcresult,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcross,
Unlicense,
Unlicense,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcrun,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcrypto,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcs,
Revised BSD,
Revised BSD,
NOT Converted.
xcsc-tushare,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcsoar,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
xcsoartools, 404 - page not found
xcs-rc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xctemplateutils,
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 Xiaonuo Gantan <xiaonuo.gantan@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.,
MIT,
Converted.
xctool,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xcut,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcute,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcy-mvtest,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xcynester, detected pypi license: None
xcy-zscore, detected pypi license: None
xd,
The BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xda, detected pypi license: None
xdaemonocle,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdagtool, detected pypi license: None
xdalibs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdata,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdatastorage, detected pypi license: None
xdb,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xdcc, detected pypi license: None
xdcc-dl,
GNU GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xdclient,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdcs-agent,
GNU GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xd-cwl-utils,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xd-docker,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xddos,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdeap, detected pypi license: None
xdebugtoolkit,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
x-deep, detected pypi license: None
xdeeprank, detected pypi license: None
xdelta3,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xdelta3-accemate,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xdem,
BSD-3,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xdepy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdesign,
BSD-3,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xdetection, detected pypi license: None
xdev,
Apache 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xdevs, detected pypi license: None
xdg,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdgappdirs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdg-binary-cache, detected pypi license: None
xdg-cache,
Unlicense,
Unlicense,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdgconfig,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdgenvpy, detected pypi license: None
xdgmenu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdgspec,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xdgterm,
LGPL-3.0,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xdh-config,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdh-dice,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdi8translator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdiamond-jiayun,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
xdice,
GNU,
GNU,
NOT Converted.
xdict,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdiff,
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Leo Lee

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
,
MIT,
Converted.
xdi-pandas,
MIT
,
MIT,
Converted.
xdis,
GPL-2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
xdist,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xdistutils,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xditya,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdjango,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
x-django-app,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdmenu,
GNU Lesser General Public License v3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xdmf-dolfin-fix, detected pypi license: None
xdmfwrite-h5py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdnn,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdnn-classifier,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdo,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xdocs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdoctest,
Apache 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xdocx, detected pypi license: None
xdot,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
xdotoolwrapper, detected pypi license: None
xdow, detected pypi license: None
xdp-test-harness, detected pypi license: None
xdress,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xdrgen, detected pypi license: None
xdrlib2, detected pypi license: None
xdrone,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdrparser, detected pypi license: None
xdr-parser,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdrt,
Apache Software License 2.0 for the python code, and custom license for the external decoding library.,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xds,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
xdserver,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdsmjs,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xdspider,
GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xds-protos,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xd-tool,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdtools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdtransform, detected pypi license: None
xdump,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdutools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xdv,
New BSD,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xdvtheme-inventions,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xdvtheme-sparkling,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xdwlib,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
xe,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xe2,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xe2layout,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xe-admix,
BSD license,
BSD license,
NOT Converted.
xeasy-ml, detected pypi license: None
xeauth,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xeberus-core-library,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xeberus-restful-api-client-library,
Copyright (C) 2019, Majormode,
Copyright C 2019 Majormode,
NOT Converted.
xeberus-restful-api-server-library,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xebus-core-library,
Copyright (C) 2018 Majormode. All rights reserved.,
Copyright C 2018 Majormode. All rights reserved,
NOT Converted.
xebus-id-card-image-generator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xebus-restful-api-client-library,
Copyright (C) 2019, Majormode,
Copyright C 2019 Majormode,
NOT Converted.
xecd-rates,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xecd-rates-client, detected pypi license: None
xed, detected pypi license: None
xeda,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xeddsa,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xeemon, detected pypi license: None
xeger,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xehentai,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xeko, detected pypi license: None
xelpaste,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xemc3,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xemd, detected pypi license: None
xem-wrapper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xena-gdc-etl,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xenalib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xenapi,
BSD-2-Clause,
BSD-2-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xenapi-python,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xenapython,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xenarix,
Montrix Non-Commercial License,
Montrix Non-Commercial License,
NOT Converted.
xenavalkyrie,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
xenavalkyrie-rest,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
xenbackup,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xenballoond,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xen-bridge, detected pypi license: None
xendit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xenditclient,
BSD 3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xendit-python,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xengarden, detected pypi license: None
xenia,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
xenia-generic, detected pypi license: None
xeno,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xeno-canto,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xenogi, detected pypi license: None
xenoglossia,
kindest,
kindest,
NOT Converted.
xenolith, detected pypi license: None
xenomapper,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xenon,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xenon1234,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xenonmkv,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xenon-player,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xenonpy,
BSD (3-clause),
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xenon-tools,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xenops,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xenopt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xenos, detected pypi license: None
xenosimager,
Apache2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xenqore-project, detected pypi license: None
xenqu-api, detected pypi license: None
xenrtapi,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xensisbot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xentica,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xenum,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xenv,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xenvman, detected pypi license: None
xenzen,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xeo-simple-calc, detected pypi license: None
xepmts,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xepmts-endpoints,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xepmts-server,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xeprapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xer2csv,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xerial,
GPL licence, see LICENSE,
GPL licence see LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
xerlok-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xeroapi,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
xero-db-connector,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xero-python,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xerosdk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xerox,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xersplitter,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xertocsv,
Constantin Tcacenco,
Constantin Tcacenco,
NOT Converted.
xes,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xesking, detected pypi license: None
xesl2d5p, detected pypi license: None
xes-lib, detected pypi license: None
xesmf,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xesoython, detected pypi license: None
xespiano, detected pypi license: None
xespresso,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xesrepair,
NEU,
NEU,
NOT Converted.
xestore,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xethereum, detected pypi license: None
xetherscan, detected pypi license: None
xetracker,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xeuledoc, detected pypi license: None
xeus-python, detected pypi license: None
xeus-robot, detected pypi license: None
xevan-hash, detected pypi license: None
xevel, detected pypi license: None
xevo, detected pypi license: None
xexpr,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
xextract,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xf, detected pypi license: None
xfab,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xface,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xfacereclib-book-fraes2016,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xfacereclib-extension-csu,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xfacereclib-paper-befit2012,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
xfacereclib-paper-iet2014,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
xfacereclib-paper-iet2015,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xfail,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xfce4-terminal-themes, detected pypi license: None
xfcs,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xfcsdashboard,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xfdfgen,
APACHE 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xfdtest, detected pypi license: None
xfeat, detected pypi license: None
xfem, detected pypi license: None
xfer,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xfer-ml,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xfers,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xfftspy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xfields, detected pypi license: None
xfile, detected pypi license: None
xfin,
Apache-2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xfinity-gateway, detected pypi license: None
xfinity-usage, detected pypi license: None
xfit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xfl,
CeCILL v2,
CECILL-2.0,
Converted.
xflash,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xflask, detected pypi license: None
xflat,
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Oskar Nyqvist

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.,
MIT,
Converted.
xflow,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xfmers, detected pypi license: None
xfmr,
BSD (3-clause),
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xfmt, detected pypi license: None
xfn,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xfnester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xf-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xfntr, detected pypi license: None
xfntrwin, detected pypi license: None
xfntr-win, detected pypi license: None
xfoil,
GNU General Public License v3 or later (GPLv3+),
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xfork,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xform, detected pypi license: None
xformer,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xframes,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xfs, detected pypi license: None
xf-scrap, detected pypi license: None
xftpd, detected pypi license: None
xftpd-mapp-john, 404 - page not found
xfunctions, detected pypi license: None
xfw,
GPL 2+,
GPL-2.0-or-later,
Converted.
xg, detected pypi license: None
xga, detected pypi license: None
xgame-py, detected pypi license: None
xgb2sql,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xgbatch, detected pypi license: None
xgbert, detected pypi license: None
xgbfir, detected pypi license: None
xgbfnc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xgbm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xgbmagic,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xgboost,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xgboost-deploy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xgboost-distribution,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xgboost-doc-zh, detected pypi license: None
xgboost-launcher,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xgboost-model, detected pypi license: None
xgboost-model-jarushi, detected pypi license: None
xgboost-ranking,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xgboost-ray, detected pypi license: None
xgboost-tuner,
GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xgboostwithwarmstart,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xgbse, detected pypi license: None
xgbtune,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xgc, detected pypi license: None
xgcm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xgit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xgitberg,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 3, 29 June 2007,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xgitgitlab,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xglider,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
x-goals,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xgoogle,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xgo-spider-log, detected pypi license: None
xgp, detected pypi license: None
xgp-reccomender, detected pypi license: None
xgpy, detected pypi license: None
xgrads,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xgram,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xgraph, detected pypi license: None
xgraphic,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
xgt,
apache2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xh, detected pypi license: None
xh1scr, detected pypi license: None
xharvest,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xhastar, detected pypi license: None
xhb2beancount,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xhdata,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xheap,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xhistogram,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xhm,
PUBLIC DOMAIN,
PUBLIC DOMAIN,
NOT Converted.
xhmonitor, detected pypi license: None
xhostplus-blog,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xhostplus-gallery,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xhostplus-intropage,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xhostplus-picturefolder,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xhostplus-social,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xhostplus-textzoom,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xhostplus-videojs,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xhotkeys, 404 - page not found
xhp-flow, detected pypi license: None
xhpflow-1-0, detected pypi license: None
xhproxies, detected pypi license: None
xhpubqt, detected pypi license: None
xhpubs, detected pypi license: None
xhpy,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
x-hsky-whl-test, detected pypi license: None
xhtml2pdf,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xhtml2pdf-legacy,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xhtmlhook,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xhttp, detected pypi license: None
xhuang-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xi,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xia2,
BSD license,
BSD license,
NOT Converted.
xialib, detected pypi license: None
xialib-bigquery, detected pypi license: None
xialib-firestore, detected pypi license: None
xialib-gcp, detected pypi license: None
xialib-gcs, detected pypi license: None
xialib-hana, detected pypi license: None
xialib-pubsub, detected pypi license: None
xiami,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xiancipdf, detected pypi license: None
xia-nester, detected pypi license: None
xiangcai-bark-service, 404 - page not found
xiangcheck,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xiangqi-setup,
GNU Affero General Public License version 3.0 or later,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xiangshi, detected pypi license: None
xianshi,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xiao, detected pypi license: None
xiao11, detected pypi license: None
xiao-asgi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xiaobaiauto, detected pypi license: None
xiaobaiauto2, detected pypi license: None
xiaobaiinstaller, detected pypi license: None
xiaobanma, detected pypi license: None
xiaobo-test, detected pypi license: None
xiaochuanhttpsproxy, detected pypi license: None
xiaochuanipproxy, detected pypi license: None
xiaocui, detected pypi license: None
xiaocz, detected pypi license: None
xiaodnester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xiaoe-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xiaofeng-nester, detected pypi license: None
xiaofu, detected pypi license: None
xiaofufu, detected pypi license: None
xiaohei, detected pypi license: None
xiaohongshu,
GNU,
GNU,
NOT Converted.
xiaojiutest, detected pypi license: None
xiaojunmodule, detected pypi license: None
xiaoli-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xiaolisensor,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
xiaomai-chaun, detected pypi license: None
xiaomeilv, detected pypi license: None
xiaomi,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xiaomi-flashable-firmware-creator,
GPL-3.0-only,
GPL-3.0-only,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xiaomi-flashable-firmware-creator-gui,
GPL-3.0-only,
GPL-3.0-only,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xiaomi-mi-scale, detected pypi license: None
xiaomirouter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xiaomo, detected pypi license: None
xiaoniu-tr-free,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xiaoriben,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xiaoshuaib, 404 - page not found
xiaoshuaibqingyun891, 404 - page not found
xiaowei,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xiaoweiahfang, detected pypi license: None
xiaoweilib, detected pypi license: None
xiaoxinservice,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xiaoxin-service,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xiaoxiong, detected pypi license: None
xiaoyanshitool,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xiaoyu, detected pypi license: None
xiaozhiling, detected pypi license: None
xiaozhu, detected pypi license: None
xiaozhupeiqisupermath, detected pypi license: None
xia-pfcu,
LGPLv3+,
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xiashan,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xiax,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xibless,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xiblint,
apache2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xicam,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xicam-acquire,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xicam-core,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xicam-dev,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xicam-gui,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xicam-hipies, detected pypi license: None
xicam-ipython,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xicam-log,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xicam-ncem,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xicam-plugins,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xicam-saxs,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xicam-threadmonitor,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xicam-xpcs,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xickle,
PSF,
PSF-2.0,
Converted.
xicor,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xicra,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xicsrt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xicsrt-contrib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xict, detected pypi license: None
xid,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xideco,
GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xidi-ai,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
xidpy, detected pypi license: None
xid-py, 404 - page not found
xiehw, detected pypi license: None
xiejing-nester, detected pypi license: None
xiejun, detected pypi license: None
xieminxuan10, detected pypi license: None
xieyang, detected pypi license: None
xifa, detected pypi license: None
xignitegh,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xigt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xigtifiedtoolbox, detected pypi license: None
xillar,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xillypy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xilnex-api, detected pypi license: None
ximage,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ximenez,
GNU GPL,
GNU GPL,
NOT Converted.
ximilar-client,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ximodule, detected pypi license: None
ximo-statstools, detected pypi license: None
ximpia,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
ximu3,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xin,
GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xin2pbn, detected pypi license: None
xinabox-chip, detected pypi license: None
xinabox-core, detected pypi license: None
xinabox-cw01-cw02-core, detected pypi license: None
xinabox-oc01, detected pypi license: None
xinabox-oc03, detected pypi license: None
xinabox-oc05, detected pypi license: None
xinabox-sg33, detected pypi license: None
xinabox-sh01, detected pypi license: None
xinabox-sl01, detected pypi license: None
xinabox-sl06, detected pypi license: None
xinabox-sl19, detected pypi license: None
xinabox-sw01, detected pypi license: None
xinaprocessor, detected pypi license: None
xin-back,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xinci,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xindi-lib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xinet, detected pypi license: None
xin-first, detected pypi license: None
xingapi, detected pypi license: None
xinge,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xingenester, 404 - page not found
xinge-push,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xingkacky, detected pypi license: None
xingpdf, detected pypi license: None
xing-plus,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xingpypitest, detected pypi license: None
xing-tick-crawler,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xingyufsil-signal, 404 - page not found
xingyunlib,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
xingyunlib-user-bin,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
xingzuoxy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xini,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xinjingru, detected pypi license: None
xinmokk,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xinnester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xin-optimisation, 404 - page not found
xinp, detected pypi license: None
xinput,
GPL 2.0/LGPL 2.1,
GPL 2.0/LGPL 2.1,
NOT Converted.
xinput-gui,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xinput-python,
zlib/libpng license,
Zlib,
Converted.
xinsongyan,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xinsonha,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xinspect,
Apache 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xint, detected pypi license: None
xintesis, detected pypi license: None
xintian,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xintool, detected pypi license: None
xinutil,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xinyujaychou-nester, detected pypi license: None
xio,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xiofilechecker, detected pypi license: None
xion,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xiongmao, detected pypi license: None
xiongmao-deloro, 404 - page not found
xiongxiong,
AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xiot,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xipctl, detected pypi license: None
xipy,
BSD 3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xir,
Apache2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xirasol,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xirclplugin-pip, detected pypi license: None
xiren,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xirion,
GNU GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xirr,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xirt,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xirvik-tools,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
xissue,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xiter, 404 - page not found
xitorch,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xiu, detected pypi license: None
xiudb-peiiii, detected pypi license: None
xivdbreader, detected pypi license: None
xivelymqtt,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xively-mqtt,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xively-python,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xivo-client-sim,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xivo-test-helpers,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xiwal,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xixi, detected pypi license: None
xixiang,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xixibao, detected pypi license: None
xixihaha159, detected pypi license: None
xixur999calculator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xix-utils,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xiyang-morch-pkg, detected pypi license: None
xiyang-morph-pkg, detected pypi license: None
xiyang-porch-pkg, detected pypi license: None
xiyuhaochi,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xiyusullos-nester, detected pypi license: None
xj, detected pypi license: None
xj-flask-jwt-extension,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xj-palindrome, detected pypi license: None
xjpath,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xj-python,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xjskypdf, detected pypi license: None
xjson,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xjx7773, detected pypi license: None
xk, detected pypi license: None
xkammd, detected pypi license: None
xkammdmmd, detected pypi license: None
xkbcommon,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xkbgroup,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xkb-indicator,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xkcc537, detected pypi license: None
xkcc537211, detected pypi license: None
xkcd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xkcd2347,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xkcd936,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xkcd-bot,
GNU GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xkcd-cli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xkcd-comics, detected pypi license: None
xkcd-dl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xkcd-get, detected pypi license: None
xkcdhermit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xkcdpass,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xkcd-pass,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xkcdpassword,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xkcd-probability, detected pypi license: None
xkcdrand, detected pypi license: None
xkcd-wallpaper, detected pypi license: None
xkcd-wrapper,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xkci-cli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xkeysnail,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xkiller,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xklearn,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xknx,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xkpa,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
xkpassgen, detected pypi license: None
xkt, detected pypi license: None
xktools, detected pypi license: None
xk-user,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
xk-utils,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
xkwformat, detected pypi license: None
xkwpy, detected pypi license: None
xkye,
MIT License Copyright (c) 2021 Rahman Ansari Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.,
MIT,
Converted.
xl,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xl2csv,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xl2dict,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xl2py,
The MIT License (MIT),
MIT,
Converted.
xl2sitemap, detected pypi license: None
xlambda-helper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlang, detected pypi license: None
xlart,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlavir,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xlayers,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlayout,
GNU GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xl-bert,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlb-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xlbridge,
Proprietary,
Proprietary,
NOT Converted.
xlcalculator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlcocotools, detected pypi license: None
xlcompare, detected pypi license: None
xlcompose,
LICENSE,
LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
xldeploy-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xldiff, detected pypi license: None
xl-distributions, detected pypi license: None
xl-dlframe,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xld-logchecker,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xld-py-cli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xldt, detected pypi license: None
xlearn,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlearning,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlearntestbyamshoreline,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xled,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xleditor,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xless,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlf-merge,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xlform,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
xl-formulas, detected pypi license: None
xlframe, detected pypi license: None
xlfunctions,
GPL 3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xlhelper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xl-helper,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xlib,
LGPLv2+,
LGPL-2.0-or-later,
Converted.
x-lib,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xlibris,
GPL 2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
xlib-screenfilter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlights-auto-lyrics, 404 - page not found
xline, detected pypi license: None
xlines,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xlist,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xllabelme,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xl-link,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlmg,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlmhg,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xlmmacrodeobfuscator,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xl-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xlnet-tensorflow,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xloaderx, detected pypi license: None
xlocal,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xlocale,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlock,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlog, detected pypi license: None
xloger,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlogger, detected pypi license: None
xlogging, detected pypi license: None
xlogin,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlogit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlogitprit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlogs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xloil,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xlpandas,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlparser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlpo,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlprocess,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xlpus, detected pypi license: None
xlpython,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xlrd,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlrd2,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xlrd3,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlrd3k, 404 - page not found
xlrd-compdoc-commented,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlrd-demo,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlrdformulas, 404 - page not found
xlrd-ignore-writeaccess-corruption,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlrdinc,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlrd-no-sector-corruption-check,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlrd-with-formulas,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlref,
EUPL 1.1+,
EUPL 1.1+,
NOT Converted.
xlrw, detected pypi license: None
xls,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xls2csv, detected pypi license: None
xls2db,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xls2json, detected pypi license: None
xls2moodle,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xls2xlsx,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xlsapi, detected pypi license: None
xls-cli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlsclone, detected pypi license: None
xlsconv,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlscrap,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlscript,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xlseries,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xlserver,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
xlsfile-shaw1236, detected pypi license: None
xlsimport,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlson, detected pypi license: None
xlsoperator,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xlsrch,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xls-reader,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xls-report,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlstocsv, detected pypi license: None
xls-to-csv,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlstotex,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlstotxt, detected pypi license: None
xlstpl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xl-sudoku-solver,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xls-writer,
All Rights reserved,
All Rights reserved,
NOT Converted.
xlsx,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xlsx2csv, detected pypi license: None
xlsx2dfs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlsx2html,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlsx2json, detected pypi license: None
xlsx2pdf, detected pypi license: None
xlsx2sqlite,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xlsxcessive, detected pypi license: None
xlsxcompare,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlsx-csv,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlsxcsvconverterrr, detected pypi license: None
xlsxcursor, detected pypi license: None
xlsxdiff,
MIT/Expat,
MIT/Expat,
NOT Converted.
xlsxdocument, detected pypi license: None
xlsx-from-json, detected pypi license: None
xlsxgrep,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlsxhelper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlsxlite,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlsxmetadata, detected pypi license: None
xlsxpandasformatter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlsx-parser, detected pypi license: None
xlsx-provider-plugin, 404 - page not found
xlsxreader, detected pypi license: None
xlsxreporter, detected pypi license: None
xlsx-split,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlsx-streaming,
GNU GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xlsx-template, detected pypi license: None
xlsxtmpl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlsx-to-handontable,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xlsx-to-json,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlsxtojsontranslate,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlsxtpl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlsxutility,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlsxutils,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xlsxwriter,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlsxwriter-celldsl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlsxwriterchan,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlsx-xargs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xltable, detected pypi license: None
xl-tables,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xl-tensorflow, detected pypi license: None
xltojson, detected pypi license: None
xl-tool, detected pypi license: None
xltools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xltoy, detected pypi license: None
xltpl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xl-url-convert,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xlutils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlutils3,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xlwings,
BSD 3-clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xlwombat, detected pypi license: None
xlwrap,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlwt,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlwt3k, 404 - page not found
xlwt-fix,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlwt-fixed-bitmap,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xlwt-future,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xlxlxl181-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xlxnester, detected pypi license: None
xm, detected pypi license: None
xmail,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xmaios-bot, detected pypi license: None
xmake, detected pypi license: None
xman,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-man,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmapper, detected pypi license: None
xmarcoscrawler, detected pypi license: None
xmark,
BSD-Clause-2,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
xmarshal,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmas,
GPL-3.0+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xmasclock, detected pypi license: None
xmastree,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xmatch,
LGPL-3.0+,
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xmatrix, detected pypi license: None
xm-booking,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmca,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmcd-projection,
MIT LICENSE,
MIT,
Converted.
xmcdpy,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
xm-charting,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmchat,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xmd, detected pypi license: None
xmds,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xmedia,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmelange, detected pypi license: None
xmem,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xmemx,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
x-menu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmenu-keras-retinanet, detected pypi license: None
xmeve, 404 - page not found
xmflask, 404 - page not found
xm-globalissues,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmgrace-parser,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xm-hitcounter,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmi2odoo,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xmi2oerp,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xmimsim,
see LICENSE.txt,
see LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
xmind,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmind2case,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmind2excel,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmind2json, detected pypi license: None
xmind2testcase,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmind2testcase-interchen,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmind2testlink, detected pypi license: None
xmind2xls, detected pypi license: None
xmindparser, detected pypi license: None
xminds, detected pypi license: None
xmind-sdk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmind-sdk-python-fileobj, 404 - page not found
xmind-sdk-python-upload-file,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmindtotestlink, detected pypi license: None
xmiparser,
General Public Licence,
General Public Licence,
NOT Converted.
xmipy,
CC0,
CC0-1.0,
Converted.
xmi-reader,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
xmisc,
GNU LGPL,
GNU LGPL,
NOT Converted.
xmission,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
xmitgcm,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xmjson, 404 - page not found
xmkeys, detected pypi license: None
xml2ajson, detected pypi license: None
xml2csv,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xml2data,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xml2ddl,
GNU GPL,
GNU GPL,
NOT Converted.
xml2df,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xml2dict,
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html,
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html,
NOT Converted.
xml2dictionary, detected pypi license: None
xml2dictnitrate,
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html,
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html,
NOT Converted.
xml2html,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xml2json,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xml2obj,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xml2pandas,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xml2py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xml2pytorch, detected pypi license: None
xml2rfc,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xml2xlsx,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xml4h,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xmla,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xmlabox, detected pypi license: None
xml-analyser,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xml-analyzer, detected pypi license: None
xml-archive-to-pdf,
PSF,
PSF-2.0,
Converted.
xmlarrangement-android, detected pypi license: None
xmlbear,
AGPL-3.0,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xmlbegone,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xml-boiler,
AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xml-browser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmlbuilder,
LGPL v3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xml-builder, detected pypi license: None
xmlcheck,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xml-cleaner,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmlcls,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmlcmd,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xmlcomparator,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xmlcompare, detected pypi license: None
xml-compare,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xmlconfig,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xmlcsvjsonconvert,
Dag,
Dag,
NOT Converted.
xmlcurses, detected pypi license: None
xml-dataclasses,
MPL-2.0,
MPL-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmldataset,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xml-default-dict,
BSD2CLAUSE,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
xmldestroyer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmldict,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xmldict-translate,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmldiff,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xml-diff,
CC0 (copyright waived),
CC0-1.0,
Converted.
xmldiff-real,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmldiffs, detected pypi license: None
xmldirector-bookalope,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmldirector-connector,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmldirector-crex,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmldirector-demo,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmldirector-dita,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmldirector-dropbox,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmldirector-facebook,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmldirector-plonecore,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmldirector-twitter,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmldsig,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xmlegant,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xmlelement, detected pypi license: None
xmlenc,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
xml-encoder, detected pypi license: None
xmler,
LICENCE,
LICENCE,
NOT Converted.
xmlextkwd, detected pypi license: None
xml-extractor, detected pypi license: None
xml-ext-top20kwd, 404 - page not found
xmlfetch,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xmlformatter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xml-from-seq,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmlfuse,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmlhelpy,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmli,
Custom,
Custom,
NOT Converted.
xmlib-to-git,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xmlify,
LGPL-2.1+,
LGPL-2.1-or-later,
Converted.
xmlightning, detected pypi license: None
xmlist, detected pypi license: None
xmljson,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xml-json-yaml-convert,
The MIT License (MIT),
MIT,
Converted.
xmllayout,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xmlmanip,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xml-marshaller,
Python License (CNRI Python License),
Python License CNRI Python License,
NOT Converted.
xmlmerge, detected pypi license: None
xml-miner,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xmlmodel,
OSL3.0.,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xml-models,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xml-models2,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xml-models-redux,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xmlmp,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmlobject,
GNU GPL v3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xmlobjects,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xml-objects, detected pypi license: None
xml-orm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xml-overrider,
Proprietary License,
Proprietary License,
NOT Converted.
xml-parser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmlplain,
unlicense,
Unlicense,
Converted.
xmlplot,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmlpolymerase,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xml-preferences,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xmlprops,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmlproxy,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xmlpumpkin,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xmlpylighter,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xml-python,
MPL,
MPL,
NOT Converted.
xmlreader, 404 - page not found
xmlrecords,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xmlrepr, detected pypi license: None
xmlrpc2,
Copyright (c) Donald Stufft
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
       this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
       documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.,
Copyright c Donald Stufft
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms with or without modification
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice
       this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
       notice this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
       documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT INDIRECT INCIDENTAL SPECIAL EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES
LOSS OF USE DATA OR PROFITS OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY WHETHER IN CONTRACT STRICT LIABILITY OR TORT
INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE,
NOT Converted.
xmlrpcauth,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
xmlrpccomp, detected pypi license: None
xmlrpcdo,
License :: OSI Approved :: GPL License,
License :: OSI Approved :: GPL License,
NOT Converted.
xmlrpclib,
Python (BSD type),
Python BSD type,
NOT Converted.
xmlrpclibex,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xmlrpclib-to,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmlrpcssl,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xmlrunner,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
xmlschema,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmlscomparator,
gpl-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xmlsec,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmlsec-aop,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xmlsecurity,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
xmlsig,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xml-sitemap-writer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmlsq, detected pypi license: None
xmlsquash,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmlstarlet,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xmlstats-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmlstore,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xml-stream,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xml-subsetter, detected pypi license: None
xmltag,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xml-template,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xmltestrunner,
Public Domain,
Public Domain,
NOT Converted.
xml-thunder, detected pypi license: None
xmltocd, detected pypi license: None
xmltodataframe,
GPL-3.0-only,
GPL-3.0-only,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xml-to-df, detected pypi license: None
xmltodict,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xml-to-dict,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmltodict3, detected pypi license: None
xmltodictest,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xmltojson,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xmltool,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmltools, detected pypi license: None
xmltopy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmltotabular, detected pypi license: None
xmltramp,
GNU GPL 2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
xmltramp2,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmltranslate,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xmltreewalker,
AFL,
AFL,
NOT Converted.
xmlui,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
xmlunittest,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmlunittestbetter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmlutil,
: OSI Approved :: GNU Lesser General Public License v3 or later (LGPLv3+),
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xmlutils,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xml-utils, detected pypi license: None
xmlvirshparser,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xmlwalk, 404 - page not found
xmlwirelesswindows, detected pypi license: None
xmlwitch,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xmlx,
GNU GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xmlxdiff,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
xml-xls-loader,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xmlxutils, detected pypi license: None
xmm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmminiappcli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmmsclient,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
xmmspy,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
xmnlp,
Apache 2.0 License,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xmoai, detected pypi license: None
xmod,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmode, detected pypi license: None
xmodels,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xmodem,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmovie,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xm-portlets,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmpp2,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmpp-backends,
GNU General Public License (GPL) v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xmppcat,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
xmppgcm, detected pypi license: None
xmpp-http-upload,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xmpplib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmpp-logging-handler,
GPL v3 or higher,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xmppony,
GNU GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xmpppy,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmppwb,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmppxmlrpc,
Dual GPL/LGPL,
Dual GPL/LGPL,
NOT Converted.
xmppy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmp-tool,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
xmpush-python,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
xmq-python, detected pypi license: None
xmr-haystack, detected pypi license: None
xmrig-auto-throttler, detected pypi license: None
x-mroy-0,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-mroy-1045,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-mroy-1046,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-mroy-1047,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-mroy-1048,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-mroy-1050,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-mroy-1051,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-mroy-1052,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-mroy-202,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmrto-wrapper, detected pypi license: None
xms-client, detected pypi license: None
xmscore,
BSD 2-Clause License,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
xmsextractor,
BSD 2-Clause License,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
xmsg,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
x-msgpack,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmsgrid,
BSD 2-Clause License,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
xmsgs-tools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmsinterp,
BSD 2-Clause License,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
xms-sdk,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xm-theme,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xm-tracker,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xmtraining, detected pypi license: None
xmup,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xmutant,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xmuznlwtyr, detected pypi license: None
xn,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xnat,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xnat-access,
LGPL-3.0,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xnatbidsfns, detected pypi license: None
xnat-dashboards,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xnatio,
XNAT,
XNAT,
NOT Converted.
xnatjsession, detected pypi license: None
xnatpytools,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xnatum,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xnatuploadtool,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xnatuploadtooldicom,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xnatutils,
The MIT License (MIT),
MIT,
Converted.
xnatworkflowgather,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xnd,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
xndzkteste,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xnemogcm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xnester, detected pypi license: None
xnesterx,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xnet,
LICENSE,
LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
x-net-django-color-field,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-net-django-email-template,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-net-email-css-inliner,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xnetwork, detected pypi license: None
xneuro,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
x-nlp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xnlp-time,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
xnm,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xnn, detected pypi license: None
xnni,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xnormal, detected pypi license: None
xnotify,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xnova,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xnr-cryptowrapper, detected pypi license: None
xn-reverser, detected pypi license: None
xnrpc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xnt,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xntool,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xn-twist,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xn-twist-python-sdk, detected pypi license: None
xnumpy,
BSD 3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xn-wheel, detected pypi license: None
xo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xo1,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xo2,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xoa,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xoak,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xoay,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xobject-globaldata,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xobjects, detected pypi license: None
xocto,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xoc-utils-python, detected pypi license: None
xodb,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xodmr,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xoeuf,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xo-gd,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xogoogle,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xoinvader,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xolib,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
xolnowplaying,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
xolphin-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xomega,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xompass-sync, detected pypi license: None
xon,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xonda,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xone,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xonester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xonfig, detected pypi license: None
xonotic-exporter,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xonsh,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xonsh-apt-tabcomplete,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xonsh-autoxsh,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xonsh-click-tabcomplete,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xonsh-direnv,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xonsh-docker-tabcomplete,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xonsh-kernel, detected pypi license: None
xonsh-pacman-tabcomplete,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xonshpiration,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xonsh-scrapy-tabcomplete,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xonsh-tcg,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xonsh-vox-tabcomplete,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xonssh-xxh, 404 - page not found
xontib-kitty,
BSD-2-Clause,
BSD-2-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-add-variable,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-aliastips,
EUPL-1.2,
EUPL-1.2,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-apipenv,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-argcomplete,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xontrib-autojump,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-avox,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xontrib-avox-poetry,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-back2dir,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-base16-shell,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-broot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-cd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-cmd-done,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-cmd-durations,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-commands,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-conda-project,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-dotenv,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xontrib-enhancd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-ergopack,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-fzf-widgets,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xontrib-gitinfo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-histcpy,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xontrib-hist-format,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-hist-navigator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-history-encrypt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-homebrew,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-kitty,
BSD-2-Clause,
BSD-2-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-linuxbrew,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-macro-lib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-onepath,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xontrib-output-search,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xontrib-pipeliner,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xontrib-powerline,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-powerline2,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-powerline3,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-powerline-binding,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-powerline-refined,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-prompt-bar,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xontrib-prompt-ret-code,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-prompt-starship,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-prompt-vi-mode,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-pyenv,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-pyrtn,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-readable-traceback,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-repa-prompt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-rerun,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xontrib-schedule,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-sh,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xontrib-simplejump,
EUPL-1.2,
EUPL-1.2,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-ssh-agent,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-syslog-shell-profiler,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-termcolors,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xontrib-thefuck, detected pypi license: None
xontrib-xlsd,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xontrib-xpg, detected pypi license: None
xontrib-z,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xontrib-zoxide,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xoodyak, detected pypi license: None
xooof-schema-dev,
GNU Lesser General Public License,
GNU Lesser General Public License,
NOT Converted.
xooof-spectools,
GNU Lesser General Public License,
GNU Lesser General Public License,
NOT Converted.
xooof-xmldispatcher,
GNU Lesser General Public License,
GNU Lesser General Public License,
NOT Converted.
xooof-xmlstruct,
GNU Lesser General Public License,
GNU Lesser General Public License,
NOT Converted.
xoop, detected pypi license: None
xopen,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xopera-template-library, detected pypi license: None
xoppy,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xops,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xor, detected pypi license: None
xorblast,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xor-checksum-zsd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xor-cipher-pikicode, detected pypi license: None
xorcrypt,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xorcryptpy, detected pypi license: None
xor-decode-hotrazor,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xorencryption,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xorgauth,
AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xorg-renderproto, 404 - page not found
xorm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xor-string,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xortool,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xortool-ciphey,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xor-tools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xosapi,
Apache v2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xosconfig,
Apache v2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xosgenx,
Apache v2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xoskafka,
Apache v2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xosmigrate,
Apache v2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xossynchronizer,
Apache v2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xost,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xosutil, detected pypi license: None
xotes,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xotl-crdt,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xotless,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xotl-ql,
GNU General Public License version 3 or later (GPLv3+),
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xotl-tools,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xoto3, detected pypi license: None
xotron,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xotweet,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xournal-converters,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xoutil,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xova,
BSD license,
BSD license,
NOT Converted.
xover, detected pypi license: None
xoverturning,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xox, detected pypi license: None
xoxzo-cloudpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xp,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xpa, detected pypi license: None
xpandas,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xpaper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xparser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpart, detected pypi license: None
xpartition,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xpaste,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xpath,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xpath-expressions,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpath-generator,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xpathi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpathparser,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xpath-parser, detected pypi license: None
xpath-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpathreader,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpathrecord,
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Generic
(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xpath-string, detected pypi license: None
xpath-utils, detected pypi license: None
xpath-validator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpathwebdriver,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpathwebscrapper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpathwrapper, detected pypi license: None
xpattern,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpaw,
Apache 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xpboards,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpc, detected pypi license: None
xpcs,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xpcspy,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpcs-viewer,
Argonne National Laboratory License,
Argonne National Laboratory License,
NOT Converted.
xpdacq, detected pypi license: None
xpdconf, detected pypi license: None
xpdf-python,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xpdt,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xpe,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xpecgen,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xpect,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xperibot,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xpermutations,
BSD (Core code is Creative Commons Attribution 3.0),
BSD-3-Clause-Attribution,
Converted.
xpf, detected pypi license: None
xpg, detected pypi license: None
xpgraph,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xphyle,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpi, detected pypi license: None
xpibee,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpi-blocks, detected pypi license: None
xpidl,
MPL 2.0,
MPL-2.0,
Converted.
xpin,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xpinyin,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xpkg, detected pypi license: None
xpl,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xplai,
Proprietary software,
Proprietary software,
NOT Converted.
xplain, detected pypi license: None
xplainer, detected pypi license: None
xplainet, detected pypi license: None
xplan, detected pypi license: None
x-plan,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xplane-airports,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xplant,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xp-last, detected pypi license: None
xplat,
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 devo.ps

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.,
MIT,
Converted.
xplay,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xplenty,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xplenty3,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xplique,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xplogger, detected pypi license: None
xploitv,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xplore, detected pypi license: None
xplotter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xplotutil,
See LICENSE File,
See LICENSE File,
NOT Converted.
xply, detected pypi license: None
xpm,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xpmir,
GPL 3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xpol, detected pypi license: None
xpore,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xport,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xportage,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xports,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpose,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
xposed,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpose-generator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpp, detected pypi license: None
xpprint,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xpra,
GPLv2+,
GPL-2.0-or-later,
Converted.
xpress, detected pypi license: None
xpressinsight,
Xpress Shrinkwrap License Agreement,
Xpress Shrinkwrap License Agreement,
NOT Converted.
xpressplot,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xpresstools,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xpring,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xprint, detected pypi license: None
xprintidle, detected pypi license: None
xprize-data,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xprocrustes,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xprofile,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xprogress, detected pypi license: None
xps,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xp-scenery-organizer,
CC BY-NC 4.0,
CC-BY-NC-4.0,
Converted.
xps-crypto, detected pypi license: None
xpto, 404 - page not found
xptools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpublish,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xput, 404 - page not found
xput-pkg-hacked-toad, 404 - page not found
xpx-chain,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xp-xscreensaver,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-py,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xpyb,
Public Domain,
Public Domain,
NOT Converted.
xpybutil,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpyenv,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
x-py-libs,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
xpylog, detected pypi license: None
xpymon, detected pypi license: None
xpynfo,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpypika,
Apache License Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xpysom,
GNU General Public License v3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xpyth,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xpython,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-python, detected pypi license: None
xpython-lib, detected pypi license: None
xpywm, detected pypi license: None
xpz-first,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xq,
MPL 2.0,
MPL-2.0,
Converted.
xq-common,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
xqrcode, detected pypi license: None
xq-rpc,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
xqt,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
xquant,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xquant-python, detected pypi license: None
xqute,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xq-webapi,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
xqys, detected pypi license: None
xr,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xradios,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrally-docker,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xrally-kubernetes,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xr-analytics, 404 - page not found
x-rand,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrandom, detected pypi license: None
xrandr-extend,
GNU General Public License v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xrandrl, detected pypi license: None
xrandr-manager,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xrandroll,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xray,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
x-ray,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrayconfigurator, detected pypi license: None
xraydawgz,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xraydb,
public domain,
public domain,
NOT Converted.
xrayimg, detected pypi license: None
xraylarch,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xray-node,
AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xrayphasemap,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xraypy,
mit,
MIT,
Converted.
xray-python-opentracing-fork, detected pypi license: None
xray-rpc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xraysink, detected pypi license: None
xrayspectrumanalyzer,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xrayspectrummodeling,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xrayutil,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrayutilities,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
xray-vision, detected pypi license: None
xrbm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrcalc, detected pypi license: None
xrcon,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
xrcwidgets,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrd,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xrdfit, detected pypi license: None
xrdmon,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xrdownloader,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrdphase,
BSD (3-clause),
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xrdtools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrd-viewer, detected pypi license: None
xre,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrea,
BSD-2-Clause,
BSD-2-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrecord,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xrecsys,
GPL-3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xreload, detected pypi license: None
xrely-lib-client, detected pypi license: None
xremotebot,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xrenner,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xrennerjsonnlp, detected pypi license: None
xreq, detected pypi license: None
xrequests, detected pypi license: None
xrest,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrff2csv,
License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xrfgui, detected pypi license: None
xrft,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrmreader, detected pypi license: None
xrootd,
LGPLv3+,
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xrootdfs,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xrootdpyfs,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xrosfs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrotor,
GNU General Public License v3 or later (GPLv3+),
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xround,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xrpc, detected pypi license: None
xrpi-test-12-10-16,
Not Free Stuff,
Not Free Stuff,
NOT Converted.
xrpl-py,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrpl-websocket,
Apache2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xrp-price-aggregate, detected pypi license: None
xrptipbotpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrqwpgfaey, detected pypi license: None
xrrloader,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xrsdkit,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xrsigproc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrsmtp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrsrv,
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Jesse Pinnell

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
,
MIT,
Converted.
xrt,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xrtr, detected pypi license: None
xrumaplib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xrunner,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xrview,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xrviz,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xrzz, detected pypi license: None
xs, detected pypi license: None
xs1-api-client,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xsampleproject, detected pypi license: None
xsamtools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xsanio-server,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xsanta,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xs-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xs-authserver,
GNU GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xscaffold,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xscale, 404 - page not found
xscaler,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xsconnect,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xscrapers,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xscreenfilter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xscreensaver-config,
LGPL-3.0,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xscrypto,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xsdata,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xsdata-attrs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xsdata-plantuml,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xsdb,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xsdreg,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xsd-to-django-model,
GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xsd-to-vol,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xsd-validator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xsearch, detected pypi license: None
xsec,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xsect,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xseed-maxbox, detected pypi license: None
xseed-max-box-creation, detected pypi license: None
xseed-minicampus-creation, detected pypi license: None
xseer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xsendfile,
BSD (http://dev.2degreesnetwork.com/p/2degrees-license.html),
BSD http://dev.2degreesnetwork.com/p/2degrees-license.html,
NOT Converted.
xsendfile-middleware,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xserver, detected pypi license: None
xserverpy,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xsession-manager, detected pypi license: None
xsf-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xsforms,
Freely Distributable,
Freely Distributable,
NOT Converted.
xsge-gui,
GNU General Public License,
GNU General Public License,
NOT Converted.
xsge-lighting,
GNU General Public License,
GNU General Public License,
NOT Converted.
xsge-particle,
GNU General Public License,
GNU General Public License,
NOT Converted.
xsge-path,
GNU General Public License,
GNU General Public License,
NOT Converted.
xsge-physics,
GNU General Public License,
GNU General Public License,
NOT Converted.
xsge-tiled,
GNU General Public License,
GNU General Public License,
NOT Converted.
xshape,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xshell, detected pypi license: None
xshg, detected pypi license: None
xshinnosuke, detected pypi license: None
xsiftx,
GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xsim,
GPL 3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xsj-distributions, detected pypi license: None
xskillscore,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xslack,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xslclearer,
COPYING,
COPYING,
NOT Converted.
xslcoverage,
GPL Version 2 or later,
GPL-2.0-or-later,
Converted.
xslearn,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xslha, detected pypi license: None
xs-lib, detected pypi license: None
xslide,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xslproxy, detected pypi license: None
xsltemplates,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xsltools,
LGPL (version 3 or later),
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xslxobject,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xsmc, detected pypi license: None
xsms,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xsmtplib,
GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xsnippet-cli,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
xsnumpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xso, detected pypi license: None
xsome,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xson,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xsorted,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xspace,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xspear-btas2015,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xspear-fast-plda,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xspecfeeder,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xspfclean, detected pypi license: None
xspf-lib, detected pypi license: None
xspider-coop, 404 - page not found
xspline,
BSD 2-Clause License,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
xsql,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xsquared,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xsrfprobe,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xss-catcher,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xssd,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xssfu, detected pypi license: None
xssh,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
xss-hmm-detect, detected pypi license: None
xssolar, detected pypi license: None
xss-svm-detect, detected pypi license: None
xsstrike, detected pypi license: None
xss-utils,
AGPL 3.0,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xstat,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstate,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xstatic-abrilfatface,
(same as AbrilFatFace),
same as AbrilFatFace,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-adminlte,
(same as AdminLTE),
same as AdminLTE,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-angular,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-angular-animate,
(same as Angular-Animate),
same as Angular-Animate,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-angular-bootstrap,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-angular-cookies,
(same as Angular-Cookies),
same as Angular-Cookies,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-angular-fileupload,
(same as Angular-FileUpload),
same as Angular-FileUpload,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-angular-gettext,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-angular-irdragndrop,
(same as IrDragNDrop),
same as IrDragNDrop,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-angular-lrdragndrop,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-angular-material,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-angular-mock,
(same as Angular-Mock),
same as Angular-Mock,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-angular-notify,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-angular-nvd3,
(same as Angular-nvd3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xstatic-angular-sanitize,
(same as Angular-Sanitize),
same as Angular-Sanitize,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-angular-schema-form,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-angular-schema-form-bootstrap,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-angular-ui,
(same as angular-ui),
same as angular-ui,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-angular-ui-router,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-angular-uuid,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-angular-vis,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-anywikidraw,
(same as AnyWikiDraw),
same as AnyWikiDraw,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-asap,
(same as Asap),
same as Asap,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-asciinema-player,
(same as asciinema-player),
same as asciinema-player,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-autosize,
(same as autosize),
same as autosize,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-bootbox,
(same as Bootbox),
same as Bootbox,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-bootstrap,
(same as Bootstrap),
same as Bootstrap,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-bootstrap-datepicker,
(same as Bootstrap-Datepicker),
same as Bootstrap-Datepicker,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-bootstrapoverflownavs,
(same as BootstrapOverflowNavs),
same as BootstrapOverflowNavs,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-bootstrap-scss,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-bootstraptags,
(same as BootstrapTags),
same as BootstrapTags,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-bootstraptagsinput,
(same as BootstrapTagsInput),
same as BootstrapTagsInput,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-bootswatch,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-browser-update,
(same as browser-update),
same as browser-update,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-chart-js,
(same as Chart.js),
same as Chart.js,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-chartnew-js,
(same as ChartNew.js),
same as ChartNew.js,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-chosen,
(same as Chosen),
same as Chosen,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-ckeditor,
(same as CKEditor),
same as CKEditor,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-d3,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-d32,
(same as D3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xstatic-dagre,
(same as Dagre),
same as Dagre,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-dagre-d3,
(same as Dagre-D3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xstatic-datatables,
(same as DataTables),
same as DataTables,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-extjs,
GPLv3 (same as ExtJS),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xstatic-filesaver,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-font-awesome,
SIL OFL 1.1,
SIL OFL 1.1,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-fullcalendar,
(same as fullcalendar),
same as fullcalendar,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-graphlib,
(same as Graphlib),
same as Graphlib,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-hogan,
(same as Hogan),
same as Hogan,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-html5shiv,
(same as html5shiv),
same as html5shiv,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-jasmine,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-josefinsans,
(same as JosefinSans),
same as JosefinSans,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-jquery,
(same as jQuery),
same as jQuery,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-jquery-bootstrap-wizard,
(same as JQuery.Bootstrap.Wizard),
same as JQuery.Bootstrap.Wizard,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-jquery-colourpicker,
(same as jquery-colourpicker),
same as jquery-colourpicker,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-jquery-file-upload,
(same as jQuery-File-Upload),
same as jQuery-File-Upload,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-jquery-migrate,
(same as JQuery-Migrate),
same as JQuery-Migrate,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-jquery-quicksearch,
(same as JQuery.quicksearch),
same as JQuery.quicksearch,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-jquery-tablesorter,
(same as JQuery.TableSorter),
same as JQuery.TableSorter,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-jquery-ui,
(same as jquery-ui),
same as jquery-ui,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-jreject,
(same as jReject),
same as jReject,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-jsencrypt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-json2yaml,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-json-js,
(same as JSON-js),
same as JSON-js,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-js-yaml,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-leaflet,
(same as Leaflet),
same as Leaflet,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-leaflet-gesturehandling,
(same as Leaflet-GestureHandling),
same as Leaflet-GestureHandling,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-leaflet-markercluster,
(same as Leaflet-MarkerCluster),
same as Leaflet-MarkerCluster,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-less,
(same as less),
same as less,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-lodash,
(same as lodash),
same as lodash,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-magic-search,
(same as Magic-Search),
same as Magic-Search,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-markitup,
(same as MarkitUp),
same as MarkitUp,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-mathjax,
(same as MathJax),
same as MathJax,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-mdi,
SIL OFL 1.1,
SIL OFL 1.1,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-mobx,
(same as mobx),
same as mobx,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-moment,
(same as moment),
same as moment,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-moment-timezone,
(same as Moment-Timezone),
same as Moment-Timezone,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-multidownload,
(same as multiDownload),
same as multiDownload,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-nvd3,
(same as NVD3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xstatic-objectpath,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-opensans,
(same as OpenSans),
same as OpenSans,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-patternfly,
Apache v2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xstatic-patternfly-bootstrap-treeview,
Apache v2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xstatic-pygments,
(same as Pygments),
same as Pygments,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-qunit,
(same as QUnit),
same as QUnit,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-react,
(same as React),
same as React,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-release,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-requirejs,
(same as RequireJS),
same as RequireJS,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-rickshaw,
(same as Rickshaw),
same as Rickshaw,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-roboto-fontface,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xstatic-select2,
(same as Select2),
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
xstatic-smart-table,
(same as smart-table),
same as smart-table,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-socialshareprivacy,
(same as socialshareprivacy),
same as socialshareprivacy,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-spin,
(same as Spin),
same as Spin,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-svg-edit-moin,
(same as svg-edit-moin),
same as svg-edit-moin,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-svgweb,
(same as svgweb),
same as svgweb,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-tablesorter-mottie,
(same as Tablesorter-Mottie),
same as Tablesorter-Mottie,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-term-js,
(same as term.js),
same as term.js,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-tv4,
https://github.com/geraintluff/tv4/blob/master/LICENSE.txt,
https://github.com/geraintluff/tv4/blob/master/LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-twikidraw-moin,
(same as TWikiDraw-moin),
same as TWikiDraw-moin,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-underscore,
(same as underscore),
same as underscore,
NOT Converted.
xstatic-vis, detected pypi license: None
xsteampython, detected pypi license: None
xstep-service,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xsterminal,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xsthunder-python-lib, detected pypi license: None
xstools,
GPLv2+,
GPL-2.0-or-later,
Converted.
xstream,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xstrip-auth,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xsugar,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xsuite, detected pypi license: None
xsum,
LGPLv2,
LGPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
xsun-probability, detected pypi license: None
xsv,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xswap,
BSD 2-Clause,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
xswem,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xswitch,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xswizard,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtab,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xtable,
Apache 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
x-tagger,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtal,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtalpi, detected pypi license: None
xtalpi-pandas, detected pypi license: None
xtapi, detected pypi license: None
xtarfile,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
xtas,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xtbapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtcocotools, detected pypi license: None
xtcryptosignals,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xt-cvdata, detected pypi license: None
xtd,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xtea,
Public Domain,
Public Domain,
NOT Converted.
xtea3,
Public Domain,
Public Domain,
NOT Converted.
xtea4,
Public Domain,
Public Domain,
NOT Converted.
xtelligent-serial, detected pypi license: None
xtellixclient, detected pypi license: None
xtellixclient-0-0-1, 404 - page not found
xtellixclient-0-0-2, 404 - page not found
xtelnet,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xtemplate4python,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xtemplate-pythonlib, detected pypi license: None
xtemplate-pythonlib1, detected pypi license: None
xtendcms,
BSD-3-Clause  # Example license,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xtensor,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xtensor-python,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xterm, detected pypi license: None
xterm256-converter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtermcolor,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtermutil, detected pypi license: None
xtest,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xtesting, detected pypi license: None
xtesting-db-populate,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xtestx,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xt-flaskapidocs, detected pypi license: None
xtgen, detected pypi license: None
xtgeo,
LGPL-3.0,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xtgeoviz,
LGPL-3.0,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xt-githooks, detected pypi license: None
xthematic,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtheme,
GPL2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
xtick,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xtiff,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtify,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xtime, detected pypi license: None
xtimeout,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtimetracker,
GPL-3.0-or-later AND MIT,
MIT,
Converted.
xtip,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtl,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xtlearn,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xtlib, detected pypi license: None
xtl-read-assistant,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xt-models, detected pypi license: None
xt-nlp, detected pypi license: None
x-to-nwb, detected pypi license: None
xtool,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xtoolkit,
GNU General Public License v3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xtools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtopology,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xtoy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtp-job-control,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtproductjson, detected pypi license: None
xtpwrapper,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xtrace,
Public Domain,
Public Domain,
NOT Converted.
xtraceback,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtrack, detected pypi license: None
xtract,
GNU GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xtracthub, detected pypi license: None
xtractor, detected pypi license: None
xtractr, detected pypi license: None
xtract-sdk, detected pypi license: None
xtradatamanager, detected pypi license: None
xtradict, detected pypi license: None
xtraining, detected pypi license: None
xtralien,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xtransfer,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
x-transformers,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtream,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtree,
GNU GPL,
GNU GPL,
NOT Converted.
xtreme-beautify, detected pypi license: None
xtreme-distributions, detected pypi license: None
xtreme-vision,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtrf-api, detected pypi license: None
xtrip-auth,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtrm-drest, detected pypi license: None
xtrm-library, detected pypi license: None
xtrmth,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtrude,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xtsjspider, detected pypi license: None
xtsv, detected pypi license: None
xtt,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xt-timeutils, detected pypi license: None
xt-training, detected pypi license: None
xtwine,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xtype,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
xtypes, detected pypi license: None
xtyping,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xuanzoupdf, detected pypi license: None
xuanzouword, detected pypi license: None
xuanzouword2, detected pypi license: None
xubotest,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xudd,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xuderong, detected pypi license: None
xudo,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xudoku,
GPL-2.0-only,
GPL-2.0-only,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xud-wizard, detected pypi license: None
xueanquan,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
xuebadb,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xuelang-1, detected pypi license: None
xueqian, 404 - page not found
xueqiu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xuerui-stat, detected pypi license: None
xueshanlinghu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xuexi,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xuino,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xujian,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xu-jing-print-nested-list,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xul,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xulpymoney,
GPL-3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xumx-unofficial, detected pypi license: None
xunbao-models,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xuner, detected pypi license: None
xunique,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xunit2testrail,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xunitgen,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xunitmerge,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xunitparser,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xunitparserx, detected pypi license: None
xunit-tools,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xunit-wrapper,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xunlei,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xunleipy, detected pypi license: None
xunleishare,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xunsearch, detected pypi license: None
xuousubmarine,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xupdate-processor,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xuper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xuran,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xurl,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
xuru-recipe-android,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xusbboot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xust1119,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xu-test-distributions, detected pypi license: None
xutil, detected pypi license: None
xutilities,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
xutils, detected pypi license: None
x-utils,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xuwenjie,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xuxiangpythonlibrary, 404 - page not found
xuxiangpythonsdk, detected pypi license: None
xuyingying, detected pypi license: None
xuzhaolin-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xuzhao-markdown-editor, detected pypi license: None
xv,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xvarnish-python,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xvebaoku,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xvector, detected pypi license: None
xverse,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xversion, detected pypi license: None
xvfbman,
LGPLv2,
LGPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
xvfbwrapper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xvg, detected pypi license: None
xvideos-dl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xvideos-porn, detected pypi license: None
xview,
GNU LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xvision,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xvistaprof,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xviz-avs, detected pypi license: None
xw, detected pypi license: None
xwacommap,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xwavecal, detected pypi license: None
xweb,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xweb-router,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xwe-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xwfintech-robotframework-common, detected pypi license: None
xwhash, detected pypi license: None
xwind, detected pypi license: None
xwindows,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xwinkey,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xwire-common, detected pypi license: None
xwire-rest, detected pypi license: None
xwire-scientific, detected pypi license: None
xwire-transport, detected pypi license: None
xwklwwltestpackage,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xwmodule, detected pypi license: None
xword-dl, detected pypi license: None
xworker, detected pypi license: None
xworkflows,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xwot-dsl,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xwotmodeltranslator,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
xwot-py,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xwot-yadp,
AGPL v3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xwpandas,
BSD 3-clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xwppy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xwtools,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
xx,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
x-x,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xx-affirm-no-faq, detected pypi license: None
xxc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xxcmd,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xxdiff-scripts,
GNU GPL,
GNU GPL,
NOT Converted.
xxdscorecard,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xxgamma,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xxh,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xxhash,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xxhash-cffi,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xxh-xxh,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xxkcd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xxl, detected pypi license: None
xxlgsc, detected pypi license: None
xxlib, detected pypi license: None
xxmind,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
x-xmlparse,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xxn, detected pypi license: None
xxpaper,
GPL v3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xxprogram, detected pypi license: None
xxsearchlib, detected pypi license: None
xxtea,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xxtea-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xxtrace,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xxurl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xx-wizard,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xxx,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xxxreport,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xxx-scraper, detected pypi license: None
xxx-server-api, detected pypi license: None
xxxswf,
GNU,
GNU,
NOT Converted.
xxxx, 404 - page not found
xxxy-cli, detected pypi license: None
xxxy-test, detected pypi license: None
xxyzfpackage, detected pypi license: None
xxzlib,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
xy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy12beets, detected pypi license: None
xyalign,
GNU General License version 3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xyaml,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
xy-art,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-bot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-box,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xybpsdk, detected pypi license: None
xy-brain,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-carbrand,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-carlimit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xychan,
GNU General Public License v3 (GPL),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xy-cidian,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-cities,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-citys,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-cli,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xycmap,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyconvert,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xycrypto,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-descpic,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-face,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-faceage,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-face-cosmetic,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-face-decoration,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-facedetect,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-face-emotion,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-face-glass,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-facemix,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-face-ps,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-face-recognition,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-face-sticker,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyfigure, detected pypi license: None
xyfny,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xy-headhat,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-history,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-idcard,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-idiom,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-image,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-imageporn,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-imganimal,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-imgcar,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-imgfilter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-imgflowers,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-imgfood,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-imgfuzzy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-imgtag,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-imgtranslate,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-intention,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-joke,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xylem,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xylem-daq, detected pypi license: None
xy-libcollection, detected pypi license: None
xylib-py,
LGPL2.1,
LGPL-2.1-only,
Converted.
xylib-py-wheels,
LGPL2.1,
LGPL-2.1-only,
Converted.
xyliuuu, detected pypi license: None
xyllibrary,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xylose,
BSD 2-clause,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
xym,
New-style BSD,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xymath,
GPL-3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
xy-meiyan,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xymon,
Don’t Be a Dick,
Don’t Be a Dick,
NOT Converted.
xymon-clas, detected pypi license: None
xymon-class, detected pypi license: None
xymon-client,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xy-namecard,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyndra-function-core, detected pypi license: None
xy-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xy-news,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-ocrtext,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyolo, detected pypi license: None
xypath,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xy-pic-crawler,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-picporn,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-pic-search,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-pictalk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-pinyin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyplot, detected pypi license: None
xy-pminfo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xypy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyq,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
xy-qq,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-qrcode,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-qrdecode,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-raokouling,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-riddle,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-scene-object,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyscript,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
xysnester, detected pypi license: None
xy-soup,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-speech,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xystitch,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
xy-table,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-tel,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-textfeel,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xython-for-python,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xythub, 404 - page not found
xyt-hub, 404 - page not found
xytool,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
xytrader, detected pypi license: None
xy-trans,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-voice,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-weather,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyw-macro, detected pypi license: None
xy-wordcloud,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyw-utils, detected pypi license: None
xy-xiehouyu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-xingzuo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyxy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xy-youtuyun,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xyz, detected pypi license: None
xyz01,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz2rast,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-aliyun,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-auth,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyzclean,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-clockin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyzcmd,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
xyz-comment,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-common,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-course,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-dailylog,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-distributions, detected pypi license: None
xyz-exam,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-helloworld-script, detected pypi license: None
xyz-helloworld-script-git, detected pypi license: None
xy-zidian,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-infinite,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xyz-media,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-message,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-mytraining,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-person,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-points,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyzpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-py, detected pypi license: None
xyz-qcloud,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-restful,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-saas,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-school,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyzservices,
3-Clause BSD,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
xyzspaces,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-stats,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-survey,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-system,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-tenant,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyztest, detected pypi license: None
xyz-tibet,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
xyz-todo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-tools, detected pypi license: None
xyztostl, detected pypi license: None
xyz-unionauth,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-util,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-verify,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xyz-wechat,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
xzc, detected pypi license: None
xzc-tools, detected pypi license: None
xzero,
Apache 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xzeroo-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
xzfpy, detected pypi license: None
xzgutil,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
xzhello, detected pypi license: None
xzip,
PSF,
PSF-2.0,
Converted.
xzitaao,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
xzqhotspot, detected pypi license: None
xzqs-01,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
y0,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
y001fj-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
y0-bio,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
y1z1ncalculator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
y2b, detected pypi license: None
y2j,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
y2t, detected pypi license: None
y2z-distributions, detected pypi license: None
y4m,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ya,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yaab,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yaacl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaaf,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yaag-mme,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yaahn,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ya-aioclient,
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaak-inject,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yaamp, 404 - page not found
yaap, detected pypi license: None
yaar,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yaaredis,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaargh,
GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL), Version 3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yaargh-dummy-argh, detected pypi license: None
yaasr, detected pypi license: None
yaast, detected pypi license: None
yaast-dynnamitt, 404 - page not found
yaat,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
yab, 404 - page not found
yabc, detected pypi license: None
yabealice-test, detected pypi license: None
yabencode,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yabf,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yabgp,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yabmp,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yabn,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
yabormeparser,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yabox,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yabs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yabs-cowsay,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yabt,
RPL,
RPL,
NOT Converted.
yabtool,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yabu,
gpl-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yabul, detected pypi license: None
yac,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yacache,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yacargo, detected pypi license: None
yacbv,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yacf,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yacfg,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yacgol,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yach,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yachain,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yachalk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yacho,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaci, detected pypi license: None
yacis, detected pypi license: None
yack,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yacl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yacli,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ya-client-activity, detected pypi license: None
ya-client-payment, detected pypi license: None
yaclifw,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
yaclog,
AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yaclog-ksp,
AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ya-cloud-tools, detected pypi license: None
yacluster,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yacm,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yacman,
BSD2,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yacms,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yaco,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yaco-applyfun,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yaco-deliverancethemeselector,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yacof,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaco-hghooks,
LGPL 3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yaconf,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yaconfig, detected pypi license: None
yaconfigobject,
BSD-3-Clause license,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yacontracts,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaco-recipe-cert,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
yaco-recipe-medialinker,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
yaco-recipe-patch,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
yaco-recipe-pycairo,
EUPL,
EUPL,
NOT Converted.
yaco-recipe-uwsgi,
EUPL,
EUPL,
NOT Converted.
yaco-releaser,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yacron,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yacryptopan,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
yacs, detected pypi license: None
yac-scrypt,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yact,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yad,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yada, detected pypi license: None
yadage, detected pypi license: None
yadage-fork, detected pypi license: None
yadage-haiku, detected pypi license: None
yadage-httpctrl-server, detected pypi license: None
yadage-schemas, detected pypi license: None
yadage-service-cli, detected pypi license: None
yadapy,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yadashcomp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yadayada,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yadda, 404 - page not found
yaddle,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaddy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yades-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yades-smtp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yadi,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yadi2,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yadic,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yadict-compare,
BSD 3-Clause license,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yadi-framework,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yadil, detected pypi license: None
yadi-py, detected pypi license: None
ya-direct-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yadirstat, detected pypi license: None
yadisk,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yadisk-api,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yadisk-async,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yadiskclient,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yadism,
GPL-3.0-only,
GPL-3.0-only,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yadll,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yadlt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yadm,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yadns,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yadokari,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yadoma, detected pypi license: None
ya-domintell,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ya-dotdict, detected pypi license: None
yadtbroadcast-client,
GNU GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yadtbroadcast-client-wamp2,
GNU GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yadtcommons,
GNU GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yadtcontroller,
GNU GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yadtreceiver,
GNU GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yadtshell,
GNU GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yadupe,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yad-uploader, detected pypi license: None
ya-ecs-ctl,
Apache2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yaenum,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
yaenv,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaep,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaerrrr, detected pypi license: None
yaf, detected pypi license: None
yafa-grpc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yafasttext,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yafcorse,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yafe,
GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yaff, detected pypi license: None
yafg,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yafowil,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-bootstrap,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-documentation,
BSD simplified and CC-BY-SA,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-lingua,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yafowil-plone,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yafowil-webob,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-werkzeug,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-widget-ace,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-widget-array,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-widget-autocomplete,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-widget-chosen,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-widget-cron,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-widget-datetime,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-widget-dict,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-widget-dynatree,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-widget-image,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-widget-location,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-widget-multiselect,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-widget-recaptcha,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-widget-richtext,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-widget-select2,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-widget-slider,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-widget-wysihtml5,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafowil-yaml,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yafowil-zope2,
Simplified BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yafs, 404 - page not found
yafsm,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yaft,
BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised License",
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yafte,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yafwi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yag,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yaga,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yagdrive,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yagdspy,
License :: OSI Approved :: GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3),
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yager,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaghm, detected pypi license: None
yaghurl,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yagi,
Apache License (2.0),
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yagmail,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yagmail-foxmail, 404 - page not found
yagmail-outlook,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yagocd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yagolabelfetcherpy,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yagot,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yagrc,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yag-slam, detected pypi license: None
yagt,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yagup,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yagura, detected pypi license: None
yaha,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yahfin, detected pypi license: None
yahgrab,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahi,
PYTHON SOFTWARE FOUNDATION LICENSE VERSION 2,
Python-2.0,
Converted.
yahiko,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yahist,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yahmm,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
yahoo,
GPL v3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yahoo-ads-display, detected pypi license: None
yahoo-ads-search, detected pypi license: None
yahoo-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahooauction-bidder,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoo-contrib-panoptes,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
yahoo-draft-wizard, detected pypi license: None
yahoo-earnings-calendar, detected pypi license: None
yahoofantasy, detected pypi license: None
yahoo-fantasy-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoo-fantasy-baseball-stat-analysis, 404 - page not found
yahoo-fantasy-bot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoofantasyfootball,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoo-fb-stat-analysis,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoo-ff,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoo-fin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoofinance, detected pypi license: None
yahoo-finance,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoofinanceapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoo-finance-api, detected pypi license: None
yahoo-finance-api2, detected pypi license: None
yahoo-finance-async, detected pypi license: None
yahoofinancedashboard,
BSD3,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yahoo-finance-data,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoofinancedataloader, detected pypi license: None
yahoo-finance-hdd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoo-finance-pandas,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoo-finance-pynterface, detected pypi license: None
yahoofinancespider, detected pypi license: None
yahoo-finance-stock-ticker,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoofinancials,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoo-historical,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yahoojapandatareader,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yahoo-market-data,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoo-oauth,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoo-oauth-fantasy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahooooo, detected pypi license: None
yahoo-panoptes,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yahoo-panoptes-snmp,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yahoo-prices, detected pypi license: None
yahooquery, detected pypi license: None
yahoo-quote-download,
BSD 2-Clause License,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yahooscraper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahoostats, detected pypi license: None
yahoo-ticker-downloader,
BSD3,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yahooweather,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
yahoo-weather,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yahs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yahtzee-api,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yahtzee-envs,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yai,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yail,
BSD 3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yaipopt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yais,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yajl,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yajl-py,
PSF,
PSF-2.0,
Converted.
yajs,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yajwiz, detected pypi license: None
yajwt, detected pypi license: None
yak,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yakc,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yake,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yake-github, detected pypi license: None
yaki, detected pypi license: None
yakindlestrip,
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 fireinice

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.,
MIT,
Converted.
yak-nester, 404 - page not found
yakonfig,
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Diffeo, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.,
MIT,
Converted.
yaks,
Apache 2.O or EPL 2.0,
EPL-2.0,
Converted.
yaksh,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
yak-signals,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yakstack,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yakt, detected pypi license: None
yakumo,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yakusoku,
Apache License,
Apache License,
NOT Converted.
yakut,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yakutils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yak-yurt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yala,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yalafi, detected pypi license: None
yalchemy,
BSD 3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yald,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yale,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yalebuildings,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yaleclient,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yalecourses,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yale-dhlab-facenet,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yale-dhlab-keras-preprocessing,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yale-dhlab-rasterfairy,
License :: OSI Approved :: GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yaledining,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yaledirectory,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yalelaundry,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yaleorgdirectory,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yalesmartalarmclient,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yalesnotes,
gpl-v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yalexs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yalice, detected pypi license: None
yalies,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yalign,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yali-server, detected pypi license: None
yall,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yalla, detected pypi license: None
yalm,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yalogger, detected pypi license: None
yalow, detected pypi license: None
yalp,
Apache-2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yalp-grok,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yalpt,
ISC and PSF,
ISC,
Converted.
yalr,
Copyright 2016 Jan Grant (jang@ioctl.org),
Copyright 2016 Jan Grant jang@ioctl.org,
NOT Converted.
yalta,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yam,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yama,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ya-ma,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamacalcu, 404 - page not found
yamagcal, 404 - page not found
yamaha-av,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamail, detected pypi license: None
yamake,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yamale,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamale-aac,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamanifest, detected pypi license: None
yamap, detected pypi license: None
ya-market, detected pypi license: None
yamas, detected pypi license: None
yamata,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamb,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yamcalc, 404 - page not found
yamcalcc, 404 - page not found
yamcalcu, 404 - page not found
yamcalcul, 404 - page not found
yamcalculator, 404 - page not found
yamconv, detected pypi license: None
yamcs-cli,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
yamcs-client,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
yamcs-client-kerberos,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
yamdl,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yamd-mcengk, detected pypi license: None
yametrikapy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamf,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
yamgl-gen, detected pypi license: None
yami,
GPL-3.0-only,
GPL-3.0-only,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamicache,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yamily,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yamjam,
BSD - LICENSE.txt,
BSD - LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
yamk,
LGPL-3.0+,
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yamkix,
Apache License 2.0http: // www.apache.org / licenses /,
Apache License 2.0http: // www.apache.org / licenses /,
NOT Converted.
yaml, 404 - page not found
yaml-1-2,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yaml-1-3,
Copyright Ruamel bvba 2007-2017,
Copyright Ruamel bvba 2007-2017,
NOT Converted.
yaml2, detected pypi license: None
yaml2bib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaml2cli,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yaml2dataclass,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaml2env, detected pypi license: None
yaml2ical, detected pypi license: None
yaml2instance,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaml2jsonnet,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaml2object,
Apache2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yaml2pac,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yaml2resume, detected pypi license: None
yaml2rst,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yaml2sbml,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaml2sql,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yaml2toml, detected pypi license: None
yaml2tree, detected pypi license: None
yaml2txt,
License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yaml4rst,
AGPL-3.0,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yamlable,
BSD 3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yaml-acl,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yamlapi,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yaml-api-test-lib, 404 - page not found
yamlarg, detected pypi license: None
yamlargparse,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaml-axis-parser, detected pypi license: None
yaml-backed-structs, detected pypi license: None
yamlbase,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlbro,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yaml-builder, detected pypi license: None
yamlcf,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yamlcfg,
BSDv2,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yamlchecker, detected pypi license: None
yaml-checker,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlconf,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlconfig,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yaml-config, detected pypi license: None
yaml-config-parser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaml-config-reader, detected pypi license: None
yaml-configuration,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yamlcredits,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaml-cv-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamldataclassconfig, detected pypi license: None
yamldb,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yamldict,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yamldirs, detected pypi license: None
yamldoc, detected pypi license: None
yaml-doc-fix,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamldown, detected pypi license: None
yaml-dump,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yamlen,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlenc,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yamlenv, detected pypi license: None
yamler,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaml-error-report, detected pypi license: None
yamlett,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaml-expressions,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlf,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlfig,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlfix,
GNU General Public License v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yamlflow, detected pypi license: None
yamlfmt,
GPLV3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yamlfred,
CC0,
CC0-1.0,
Converted.
yamlfu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlgen, detected pypi license: None
yaml-helper, detected pypi license: None
yamli,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yamlicious,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yamlifier,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
yaml-include, detected pypi license: None
yamline, detected pypi license: None
yamlinfo,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yaml-injection, detected pypi license: None
yamlious,
Apache license version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yamlip,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlish,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yamlisp, detected pypi license: None
yamlite,
Public Domain,
Public Domain,
NOT Converted.
yamlito,
GNU Lesser General Public License v3.0,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yamliz, detected pypi license: None
yamlize,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
yamllint,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yamllintbear,
AGPL-3.0,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yamllintelerir,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yamllintelerirelerir, 404 - page not found
yamllint-junit, detected pypi license: None
yamllintmod, 404 - page not found
yaml-lint-to-junit-xml,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlloader,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yaml-lsp,
BSD 3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yamlmagic,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yamlmaker, detected pypi license: None
yaml-mako, detected pypi license: None
yaml-merge,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yamlmod, detected pypi license: None
yaml-model,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yamlns,
GNU General Public License v3 or later (GPLv3+),
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yamlog,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yamlog-0-9,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yamlord,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlordereddictloader,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yamlpage,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlpal,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlparams,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaml-param-search,
BSD 2-clause,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yamlparse,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaml-patcher,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yamlpath,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlplus,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlpp, detected pypi license: None
yamlprofiles, detected pypi license: None
yaml-project-loader, detected pypi license: None
yamlpy,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yaml-pyconf, detected pypi license: None
yamlpyowl,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yaml-query, detected pypi license: None
yamlradio, detected pypi license: None
yamlreader,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yaml-resume,
gpl-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yaml-rulz,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlschema, detected pypi license: None
yaml-serde,
License :: OSI Approved :: Apache Software License,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yaml-serialize,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlsettings,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlsettings-requests,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlsettings-s3,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaml-source-map,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlspellchecker, detected pypi license: None
yamlstratus,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
yaml-structureddata,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yamltable,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaml-tags,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaml-template,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamltojsoncreator, detected pypi license: None
yaml-to-object, detected pypi license: None
yamltools,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yamltopy, detected pypi license: None
yaml-to-sqlite,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yamltrak,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yamltypes,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yaml-utilities,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaml-utils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlval, detected pypi license: None
yaml-validate,
Copyright (c) 2021 54696d21,
Copyright c 2021 54696d21,
NOT Converted.
yamlwalker, 404 - page not found
yaml-walker,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamlwrap,
GPL-3.0-only,
GPL-3.0-only,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamm,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yammcalculator, 404 - page not found
yammh3,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yammmcalculator, 404 - page not found
yammmmcalculator, 404 - page not found
yammpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yammtool, detected pypi license: None
yammy,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yamniimod,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamo,
The MIT License (MIT),
MIT,
Converted.
yamodel,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yamole,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamp,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yampex,
Apache License (2.0),
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yampy,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
yampy2,
Apache License (2.0),
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yams,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
yams-cli, detected pypi license: None
yamscrobbler,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yams-datadog, detected pypi license: None
yam-sort,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yamtof,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yamunaque-examples, detected pypi license: None
ya-music-to-tg-channel-downloader-pkg-arsdev, detected pypi license: None
yamux,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yamwapi, detected pypi license: None
yamz,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yanagiba,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yanc,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yanccm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yanch2116, detected pypi license: None
yanchaochao2, detected pypi license: None
yanchaotest, detected pypi license: None
yandc,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yandex,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex2lightroom,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-api,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yandex-checkout,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-checkout-no-uuid,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-checkout-payout,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yandex-ci-parser,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yandexcloud,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-cloud-client,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yandex-cloud-tools, detected pypi license: None
yandex-connect,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-delivery,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yandexdictionary,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yandex-dictionary,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandexdirect,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandexdirectpy, detected pypi license: None
yandex-direct-stats,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-domain-mail,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
yandexfreetranslate, detected pypi license: None
yandex-geocoder,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-hotspots,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-images-download,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-kassa,
Apache License Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yandexmaps, detected pypi license: None
yandex-maps,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yandex-market-language,
GNU General Public License v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yandex-money,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-money-sdk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-music,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yandex-music-agent,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-oauth-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-object-storage,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-parser, detected pypi license: None
yandex-pdd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-pgmigrate,
PostgreSQL License,
PostgreSQL,
Converted.
yandex-rasp, detected pypi license: None
yandex-search,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-speech,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandexspeller, detected pypi license: None
yandextank,
LGPLv2,
LGPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
yandex-tank-api, detected pypi license: None
yandex-tank-api-client, detected pypi license: None
yandex-tracker-client, detected pypi license: None
yandex-tracker-import,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-translate,
DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE,
DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
yandex-translater,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yandextransportwebdriverapi, 404 - page not found
yandex-transport-webdriver-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-weather-api,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yandexwebdav,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandexwebmaster,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-webmaster-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yandex-xml-parser, detected pypi license: None
yandex-yaca-parser,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yandex-yt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yanf, detected pypi license: None
yang,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yang0textutils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yang2tosca,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yang-connector,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yangdi-loveyou-loveyou, detected pypi license: None
yanggui, detected pypi license: None
yangify,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yang-ion-pred, detected pypi license: None
yangke, detected pypi license: None
yang-ncdiff,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yang-print-list,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yangsgoogle,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yangshanghua, 404 - page not found
yangson, detected pypi license: None
yangsrunner,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yangsuite,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
NOT Converted.
yangsuite-coverage,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
NOT Converted.
yangsuite-devices,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
NOT Converted.
yangsuite-filemanager,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
NOT Converted.
yangsuite-gnmi,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
NOT Converted.
yangsuite-grpc-telemetry,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
NOT Converted.
yangsuite-netconf,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
NOT Converted.
yangsuite-restconf,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
NOT Converted.
yangsuite-yangtree,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
Cisco End User License Agreement,
NOT Converted.
yangsutil,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yangsz716,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yangtestlist,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yangverification, detected pypi license: None
yangyangyang123, detected pypi license: None
yangyaya, detected pypi license: None
yangyijin, detected pypi license: None
yanico,
Apache License Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yanivpdf, detected pypi license: None
yank,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yanker,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yanky,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yanlp, detected pypi license: None
yann,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yanncookiecutter,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yanotme-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yanpdf, detected pypi license: None
yanpj,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yanport-client, detected pypi license: None
yans,
Copyright 2017 Kenneth Jiang

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.,
Copyright 2017 Kenneth Jiang

Permission is hereby granted free of charge to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files the Software to deal
in the Software without restriction including without limitation the rights
to use copy modify merge publish distribute sublicense and/or sell
copies of the Software and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT TORT OR OTHERWISE ARISING FROM
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE,
NOT Converted.
yanshi, detected pypi license: None
yans-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yansongda-aliyun-iot-device, detected pypi license: None
yantra,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yanventory,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
yanwang-sample,
Copyright (c) 2017, Kenneth Reitz,
Copyright c 2017 Kenneth Reitz,
NOT Converted.
yanytapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yanyujian,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yaochao,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yao-framework,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yaogua,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaoguang-python-client,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaojiawei20161104,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaop,
Creative Commons - BY-NC-ND,
Creative Commons - BY-NC-ND,
NOT Converted.
yaosac,
GNU Library or Lesser General Public License (LGPL),
GNU Library or Lesser General Public License LGPL,
NOT Converted.
yaoshazi, detected pypi license: None
yaost, detected pypi license: None
yaoyao-athletelist-20180112, detected pypi license: None
yaoyao-nest-20171212, detected pypi license: None
yap,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapam, detected pypi license: None
yapapi,
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapatch, detected pypi license: None
yapayzeka,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapayzekadj,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapbl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapbol,
GNU Public License v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yapbwd, detected pypi license: None
yapcad,
mit,
MIT,
Converted.
yapconf,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yapdfminer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapdict,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapf,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yapfbear,
AGPL-3.0,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yapf-isort,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapf-junit,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yapfsm, detected pypi license: None
yapg, detected pypi license: None
yapgvb,
New BSD license,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yaphs, detected pypi license: None
yaphue, detected pypi license: None
yapi,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yapic, detected pypi license: None
yapic-di,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yapi-ci,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapic-io, detected pypi license: None
yapic-json,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yapi-heureka-code,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapij-py, detected pypi license: None
yapl,
APACHE,
APACHE,
NOT Converted.
yaplee,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaplon,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaplotlib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapmap,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapo, detected pypi license: None
yapocis,
PSF,
PSF-2.0,
Converted.
yapocl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaposib,
Eclipse Public License -v 1.0

THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS ECLIPSE
PUBLIC LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE
PROGRAM CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.

1. DEFINITIONS

"Contribution" means:

a) in the case of the initial Contributor, the initial code and
documentation distributed under this Agreement, and

b) in the case of each subsequent Contributor:

i) changes to the Program, and

ii) additions to the Program;

where such changes and/or additions to the Program originate from and are
distributed by that particular Contributor. A Contribution 'originates'
from a Contributor if it was added to the Program by such Contributor
itself or anyone acting on such Contributor's behalf. Contributions do not
include additions to the Program which: (i) are separate modules of
software distributed in conjunction with the Program under their own
license agreement, and (ii) are not derivative works of the Program.

"Contributor" means any person or entity that distributes the Program.

"Licensed Patents " mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor which
are necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or
when combined with the Program.

"Program" means the Contributions distributed in accordance with this
Agreement.

"Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this Agreement,
including all Contributors.

2. GRANT OF RIGHTS

a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants
Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to
reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly
perform, distribute and sublicense the Contribution of such Contributor,
if any, and such derivative works, in source code and object code form.

b) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants
Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under
Licensed Patents to make, use, sell, offer to sell, import and otherwise
transfer the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, in source code and
object code form. This patent license shall apply to the combination of
the Contribution and the Program if, at the time the Contribution is added
by the Contributor, such addition of the Contribution causes such
combination to be covered by the Licensed Patents. The patent license
shall not apply to any other combinations which include the Contribution.
No hardware per se is licensed hereunder.

c) Recipient understands that although each Contributor grants the
licenses to its Contributions set forth herein, no assurances are provided
by any Contributor that the Program does not infringe the patent or other
intellectual property rights of any other entity. Each Contributor
disclaims any liability to Recipient for claims brought by any other
entity based on infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise.
As a condition to exercising the rights and licenses granted hereunder,
each Recipient hereby assumes sole responsibility to secure any other
intellectual property rights needed, if any. For example, if a third party
patent license is required to allow Recipient to distribute the Program,
it is Recipient's responsibility to acquire that license before
distributing the Program.

d) Each Contributor represents that to its knowledge it has sufficient
copyright rights in its Contribution, if any, to grant the copyright
license set forth in this Agreement.

3. REQUIREMENTS

A Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form
under its own license agreement, provided that:

a) it complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and

b) its license agreement:

i) effectively disclaims on behalf of all Contributors all warranties and
conditions, express and implied, including warranties or conditions of
title and non-infringement, and implied warranties or conditions of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose;

ii) effectively excludes on behalf of all Contributors all liability for
damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental and consequential
damages, such as lost profits;

iii) states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement are
offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other party; and

iv) states that source code for the Program is available from such
Contributor, and informs licensees how to obtain it in a reasonable manner
on or through a medium customarily used for software exchange.

When the Program is made available in source code form:

a) it must be made available under this Agreement; and

b) a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the
Program.

Contributors may not remove or alter any copyright notices contained
within the Program.

Each Contributor must identify itself as the originator of its
Contribution, if any, in a manner that reasonably allows subsequent
Recipients to identify the originator of the Contribution.

4. COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION

Commercial distributors of software may accept certain responsibilities
with respect to end users, business partners and the like. While this
license is intended to facilitate the commercial use of the Program, the
Contributor who includes the Program in a commercial product offering
should do so in a manner which does not create potential liability for
other Contributors. Therefore, if a Contributor includes the Program in a
commercial product offering, such Contributor ("Commercial Contributor")
hereby agrees to defend and indemnify every other Contributor
("Indemnified Contributor") against any losses, damages and costs
(collectively "Losses") arising from claims, lawsuits and other legal
actions brought by a third party against the Indemnified Contributor to
the extent caused by the acts or omissions of such Commercial Contributor
in connection with its distribution of the Program in a commercial product
offering. The obligations in this section do not apply to any claims or
Losses relating to any actual or alleged intellectual property
infringement. In order to qualify, an Indemnified Contributor must: a)
promptly notify the Commercial Contributor in writing of such claim, and
b) allow the Commercial Contributor to control, and cooperate with the
Commercial Contributor in, the defense and any related settlement
negotiations. The Indemnified Contributor may participate in any such
claim at its own expense.

For example, a Contributor might include the Program in a commercial
product offering, Product X. That Contributor is then a Commercial
Contributor. If that Commercial Contributor then makes performance claims,
or offers warranties related to Product X, those performance claims and
warranties are such Commercial Contributor's responsibility alone. Under
this section, the Commercial Contributor would have to defend claims
against the other Contributors related to those performance claims and
warranties, and if a court requires any other Contributor to pay any
damages as a result, the Commercial Contributor must pay those damages.

5. NO WARRANTY

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED
ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each Recipient is solely responsible for determining
the appropriateness of using and distributing the Program and assumes all
risks associated with its exercise of rights under this Agreement ,
including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors,
compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or
equipment, and unavailability or interruption of operations.

6. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR ANY
CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION
OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

7. GENERAL

If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under
applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the
remainder of the terms of this Agreement, and without further action by
the parties hereto, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent
necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable.

If Recipient institutes patent litigation against any entity (including a
cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Program itself
(excluding combinations of the Program with other software or hardware)
infringes such Recipient's patent(s), then such Recipient's rights granted
under Section 2(b) shall terminate as of the date such litigation is
filed.

All Recipient's rights under this Agreement shall terminate if it fails to
comply with any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and
does not cure such failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming
aware of such noncompliance. If all Recipient's rights under this
Agreement terminate, Recipient agrees to cease use and distribution of the
Program as soon as reasonably practicable. However, Recipient's
obligations under this Agreement and any licenses granted by Recipient
relating to the Program shall continue and survive.

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute copies of this Agreement, but
in order to avoid inconsistency the Agreement is copyrighted and may only
be modified in the following manner. The Agreement Steward reserves the
right to publish new versions (including revisions) of this Agreement from
time to time. No one other than the Agreement Steward has the right to
modify this Agreement. The Eclipse Foundation is the initial Agreement
Steward. The Eclipse Foundation may assign the responsibility to serve as
the Agreement Steward to a suitable separate entity. Each new version of
the Agreement will be given a distinguishing version number. The Program
(including Contributions) may always be distributed subject to the version
of the Agreement under which it was received. In addition, after a new
version of the Agreement is published, Contributor may elect to distribute
the Program (including its Contributions) under the new version. Except as
expressly stated in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, Recipient receives no
rights or licenses to the intellectual property of any Contributor under
this Agreement, whether expressly, by implication, estoppel or otherwise.
All rights in the Program not expressly granted under this Agreement are
reserved.

This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York and the
intellectual property laws of the United States of America. No party to
this Agreement will bring a legal action under this Agreement more than
one year after the cause of action arose. Each party waives its rights to
a jury trial in any resulting litigation.,
EPL-1.0,
Converted.
yapot,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yapowf,
GNU GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yapp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yappa,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yappgen,
LGPLv2.1,
LGPL-2.1-only,
Converted.
yappi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapps,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapps2,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yappt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yappyg,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yapq,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yaproxy, detected pypi license: None
yaprt,
License :: OSI Approved :: Apache Software License,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yaps,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yapsc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapsched, detected pypi license: None
yapsdk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaps-lib, detected pypi license: None
yapsnmp,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
yapsstv, detected pypi license: None
yap-styleguide,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapsy,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yapt,
gplv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yaptoo, detected pypi license: None
yapu,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yapyaci,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapy-arm64, detected pypi license: None
yapyautotest,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yapybot,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yapydata,
Artistic-License-2.0 + Forced-Fairplay-Constraints,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
yapylib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapymake, detected pypi license: None
yapyorg,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yapyseq,
MPL-2.0,
MPL-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapytf,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yapyutils,
Artistic-License-2.0 + Forced-Fairplay-Constraints,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
yapyvcloud, detected pypi license: None
yapywrangler,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaq,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaqc, detected pypi license: None
yaqc-bluesky, detected pypi license: None
yaqc-cmds, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-acton, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-adafruit,
GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPL),
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yaqd-attune, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-control, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-core, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-edaq, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-fakes, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-gage, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-gdrive, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-horiba, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-lightcon, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-microchip, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-mqtt, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-new-era, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-newport, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-ni, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-pmc, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-rgb, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-rpi-gpio, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-scpi, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-seabreeze, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-system-monitor, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-thorlabs, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-ti, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-vici, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-wright, detected pypi license: None
yaqd-zaber, detected pypi license: None
yaql, detected pypi license: None
yaqti,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaq-traits, detected pypi license: None
yaque-tts, detected pypi license: None
yara,
Apache Software Licence,
Apache Software Licence,
NOT Converted.
yarab, 404 - page not found
yarabuilder, detected pypi license: None
yara-language-server, detected pypi license: None
yaramanager,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaramod,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yara-procdump-python,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yaraprocessor,
Copyright (c) 2013 The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE.,
Copyright c 2013 The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms with or without
modification are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT INDIRECT INCIDENTAL SPECIAL EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
OR SERVICES LOSS OF USE DATA OR PROFITS OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY WHETHER IN CONTRACT STRICT
LIABILITY OR TORT INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE ARISING IN ANY WAY
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE,
NOT Converted.
yara-python,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yara-python-dex,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yara-scanner,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaratool,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yarb,
GPL2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
yarbs,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yarc,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yarc-server,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yard,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yard-framework,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yardict, detected pypi license: None
yards, detected pypi license: None
yardstick,
GPL v3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yarely,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ya-resourcepool, detected pypi license: None
yarest,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaretry, detected pypi license: None
yarfe, 404 - page not found
yarfox,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yarg,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yargparse,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yargs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yargy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yarh,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yari,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yarl,
Apache 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yarll,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yarllib,
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yarlp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yarma,
GPL2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
yarn-api-client,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yarn-api-client-kenny,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yarn-apps-exporter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yarn-build,
GPL version 3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yarn-kernel-provider,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yarnlog,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yarntf,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yarn-unreg-nodes,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaro,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
yarom,
BSD 3-clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yarp,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
yarpc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yarp-middleware,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yarp-parser, detected pypi license: None
yarptp, detected pypi license: None
yarqueue,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yarr,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yarr-client,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yarrow,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yars,
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/rpl.php,
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/rpl.php,
NOT Converted.
yarub,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yarw,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
yas, detected pypi license: None
yas3,
Apache-2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yas3fs, detected pypi license: None
yasa,
BSD (3-clause),
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yasal,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yascc,
LICENCE,
LICENCE,
NOT Converted.
yascp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yascrape,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yasd,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yasdu, detected pypi license: None
yased,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yasexamplehandlers, detected pypi license: None
yasfb,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yasgg,
Beer,
Beerware,
Converted.
yasg-util,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yash, detected pypi license: None
yasha,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yashaa,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yash-gaussian-binomial-distributions, detected pypi license: None
yashi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yashiro,
LGPL-3.0+,
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yashkulkarni-distributions, detected pypi license: None
yashpdf, detected pypi license: None
yasi, detected pypi license: None
yasirabd-probability, detected pypi license: None
yasjenkins, detected pypi license: None
yask123,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yasl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaslackmessenger, detected pypi license: None
yaslha,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaslov,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yasm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yasmin,
Proprietary,
Proprietary,
NOT Converted.
yasmine-cli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yasod,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yason,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yasoo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yasopenstackhandler, detected pypi license: None
yaspeak,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ya-speech-key,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaspi, detected pypi license: None
yaspin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaspop,
GNU General Public License v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yasril-lib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yass,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yassaalchemy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yass-algorithm,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
yasserbdj96,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yassh,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yasso,
BSD-derived http://www.repoze.org/LICENSE.txt,
BSD-derived http://www.repoze.org/LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
yastatsd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaststool,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yasuf,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yasv,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yaswfp,
GPL-3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yata, detected pypi license: None
yatadis,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yatagan, detected pypi license: None
yatai, detected pypi license: None
yatank-online,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yatb,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yatcobot, detected pypi license: None
yatcxparser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yate,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yate101, detected pypi license: None
yate101v2, detected pypi license: None
yated,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yatel,
WISKEY-WARE,
WISKEY-WARE,
NOT Converted.
yate-lhwd,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yatfs,
Unlicense,
Unlicense,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yatfsrpc,
Unlicense,
Unlicense,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yatg,
AGPLv3+,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yati,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yatiblog,
Public Domain,
Public Domain,
NOT Converted.
yatimacom,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yatiml,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yatimpdf, detected pypi license: None
yatl,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yatlogger,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yatodol, detected pypi license: None
yatom,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yatoredis,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yatr,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yatracker,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yatrash, detected pypi license: None
yatrep, detected pypi license: None
yatrie,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yats,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yatta,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yattag, detected pypi license: None
yatwin, detected pypi license: None
yatxmilter,
GNU GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
yatzy, detected pypi license: None
yaubot,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yaubot-fun-scripts,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yaul,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yaurtww,
BSD 3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yauth,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yautil, detected pypi license: None
yaval,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yavin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yawap,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yawast,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yawd-admin,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yawd-elfinder,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yawd-translations,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yaweather,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yawf,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yawigle, detected pypi license: None
yawinpty,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yawinpty-extra,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yawlib,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yawn,
GNU AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yawns,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yawpycrypto,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
yawrap,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yaws,
LGPL-3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yawsso,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yawttk,
Copyright© 2006-2016, THOORENS Bruno, BSD licence,
Copyright© 2006-2016 THOORENS Bruno BSD licence,
NOT Converted.
yawxt,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yax,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yaxi, detected pypi license: None
yaxil, detected pypi license: None
yaxit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaxl,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yaxls, detected pypi license: None
yaxmake,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yaxmldiff,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yay,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
yaya, 404 - page not found
yayaroot, detected pypi license: None
yayayayahw, 404 - page not found
yaybu,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
yaycl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaycl-crypt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yayconf,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
yay-digitalsparky,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yayes,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yay-fn, detected pypi license: None
yayi,
Boost,
Boost,
NOT Converted.
yayp, detected pypi license: None
yaypm,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yayson,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yayuchen, detected pypi license: None
yayuchen-package, detected pypi license: None
yaz,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaz0,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yazaki-packages,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaz-it, detected pypi license: None
yaz-messaging-plugin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaz-scripting-plugin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaz-templating-plugin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yaz-zichtgithub-plugin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yb,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ybai,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc, detected pypi license: None
ybc-agent,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-animal,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-art,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yb-cassandra-driver, detected pypi license: None
ybc-bot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-box, detected pypi license: None
ybc-browser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-business-ocr,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-calculate,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-camera,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-carbrand,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-car-recognition,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-china, detected pypi license: None
ybc-commons, detected pypi license: None
ybc-config, detected pypi license: None
ybc-coordinate,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-cpaint,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-creditcard-ocr,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-descpic,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-download,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-driver-ocr,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-echarts,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-emoji,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-exception, detected pypi license: None
ybc-face,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-face-emotion,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-face-ps,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-face-recognition,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-food,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-funny,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-general-ocr,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-gesture,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-history,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-idcard,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-idcard-ocr,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-idiom,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-image, detected pypi license: None
ybc-imgaddtext,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-imgcar,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-imgtag,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-jiqimao,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybckit, detected pypi license: None
ybc-music,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-namecard,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-namecard-ocr, 404 - page not found
ybc-news,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-pic-search,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-pinyin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-player,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-pminfo, detected pypi license: None
ybc-poetry,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-qrcode,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-rmb,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-robot, detected pypi license: None
ybc-scene,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-search,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-sms, detected pypi license: None
ybc-speech,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-speech1,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-switch,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-table,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-tel,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-test,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-todo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-trans, detected pypi license: None
ybc-tuya, detected pypi license: None
ybc-utils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-weather,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-wordcloud,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-xingzuo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-xzpq,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybc-youtuyun,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
ybe,
GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ybemail,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yb-enigma,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ybklist,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ybmuitls, detected pypi license: None
yboss,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
ybt,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ybw,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
ybwnb, detected pypi license: None
yc, detected pypi license: None
ycast,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ycat,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ycc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yccloudpickle,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
ycc-test,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ycd,
AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ycecream, detected pypi license: None
ycezlib,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ycfg,
GNU General Public License v3 or later (GPLv3+),
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
ychaos, detected pypi license: None
ychartspy, detected pypi license: None
ychat,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
ycimpute,
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html,
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html,
NOT Converted.
ycl,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yclip, detected pypi license: None
ycm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ycm-cmake-modules,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
ycml,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yconf,
BSD-3,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yconfig,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yconpy,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
ycontract,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ycpiptest,
NEU,
NEU,
NOT Converted.
ycp-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ycsettings,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yctest,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
ycy,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ycyc,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
ycytest,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yd, detected pypi license: None
yd3,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ydata-synthetic,
https://github.com/ydataai/ydata-synthetic/blob/master/LICENSE,
https://github.com/ydataai/ydata-synthetic/blob/master/LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
ydb,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ydbf,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
ydbf-py3,
GNU GPL2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
ydcommon,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ydcv,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
ydd,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ydfdpkg,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ydh-yourname, detected pypi license: None
ydiff,
BSD-3,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
y-disc-math, detected pypi license: None
ydiskdown, detected pypi license: None
ydk,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ydk-models-cisco-ios-xe,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ydk-models-cisco-ios-xr,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ydk-models-cisco-nx-os,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ydk-models-ietf,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ydk-models-openconfig,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ydk-service-gnmi,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ydl, detected pypi license: None
ydl-binaries,
UNLICENSE,
Unlicense,
Converted.
ydoc-theme,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ydot, detected pypi license: None
ydown,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
ydpic, detected pypi license: None
ydsdk, detected pypi license: None
ydt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ydtapi,
none,
none,
NOT Converted.
ydtest,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ydy-pkg, detected pypi license: None
ye, detected pypi license: None
yea,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yeadon,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
yeager,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yeah, detected pypi license: None
yeahyeah,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yeahyfutils, detected pypi license: None
yealinkmanager, detected pypi license: None
year, detected pypi license: None
yeardays, detected pypi license: None
yearfrac,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yearonedb,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yearonequant,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
years, detected pypi license: None
yeast,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yeastarapi, detected pypi license: None
yea-wandb,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yedb,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yediemin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yedis,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yeecli,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yee-cli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yeeee,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yeekit-tr-free,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yeelib,
Apache-2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yeelight,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yeelight-cinema, detected pypi license: None
yeelight-jh,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yeelightsunflower,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yeet,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yeet-dl,
TODO,
TODO,
NOT Converted.
yeeter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yehen-get-coach-data,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yehen-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yehonatan, detected pypi license: None
yehua,
New BSD,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yejidepdf, detected pypi license: None
yekit,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yekta-metrics, detected pypi license: None
yell,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yelljfish,
AGPLv3+,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yellow,
LGPLv3+,
LGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yellowant,
The MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yellowbox,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yellowbrick,
Apache 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yellowbrick-datasets,
Apache 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yellowbrickhotfix,
Apache 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yellowduck, detected pypi license: None
yellowfin,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
yellowhiggs,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yellow-idea-py, detected pypi license: None
yellowpages-business-scraper,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yellowpages-search-results-scraper,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yellowpushsms, detected pypi license: None
yellow-sdk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yellowsubmaring, 404 - page not found
yelluw-matches, detected pypi license: None
yelp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yelp3,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yelpapi,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yelp-api-client,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yelp-avro,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yelp-bytes, detected pypi license: None
yelp-cheetah,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yelpcity,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yelp-clog, detected pypi license: None
yelp-common, detected pypi license: None
yelp-encodings, detected pypi license: None
yelpfusion,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yelp-gprof2dot,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
yelp-kafka,
Copyright Yelp 2014, All Rights Reserved,
Copyright Yelp 2014 All Rights Reserved,
NOT Converted.
yelp-meteorite, detected pypi license: None
yelpscraper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yelp-uri, detected pypi license: None
yelpy,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
yenc,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
yengde,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yen-parser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yenta,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yenviron,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yenyupeng-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yeoboseyo,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yeoda,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yeonji,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yep,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yeqingprint, detected pypi license: None
yer-distributions, detected pypi license: None
yerkes,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yernnoi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yes,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yes24,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yesaide,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yesapi,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yescrypt-koto, detected pypi license: None
yesg, detected pypi license: None
yesgraph, detected pypi license: None
yesmkaran-distributions, detected pypi license: None
yesno,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yesongnester, detected pypi license: None
yesqa,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yessssms,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yesterday,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yeswecansvg,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yeswehack, detected pypi license: None
yet, detected pypi license: None
yet-another-django-cart,
GNU v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yet-another-django-profiler, detected pypi license: None
yetanotherimageresizer,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
yet-another-io-channels-library,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yet-another-json-logger,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yetanotherpyoptional, detected pypi license: None
yet-another-runner,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yet-another-spotify-lyrics,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yeti,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
yetiforce-python,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yetship,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yetu,
License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
ye-tui,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yev, detected pypi license: None
yews,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yext, detected pypi license: None
yeyenino, detected pypi license: None
yeziq, detected pypi license: None
yf,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yfantasy-api, detected pypi license: None
yfbasic, detected pypi license: None
yfcc100m,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yffpy, detected pypi license: None
yfi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yfinance,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
yfinance2pg, detected pypi license: None
yfinance2pg-karlewr, 404 - page not found
yfinanceapi,
GNU v2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
yfinance-ez,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
yfinance-fix-tomasz, 404 - page not found
yfinanceng,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
yfind,
BSD-2-Clause,
BSD-2-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yfj-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yfjpscraper, detected pypi license: None
yflive,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
yfm, detected pypi license: None
yfml,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yfms,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yfoptions-dl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yfpy, detected pypi license: None
yfs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yfscraper, detected pypi license: None
yft,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yf-templates,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yftest,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yftest2, 404 - page not found
yftest-2, detected pypi license: None
yfx, detected pypi license: None
yg,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ygctools,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yg-emanate, detected pypi license: None
ygetter, detected pypi license: None
yg-eventful,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ygfwind-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yggdrasil,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yggdrasilctl, detected pypi license: None
yggdrasil-framework,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yggdrasil-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ygg-keyfile,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yggtorrent, detected pypi license: None
yggtorrentscraper, detected pypi license: None
ygh, 404 - page not found
yghnester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ygh-testing, detected pypi license: None
ygitchangelog,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ygl,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yg-lockfile, detected pypi license: None
yglu, detected pypi license: None
ygoprodeck,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ygor, detected pypi license: None
ygorganization-api, detected pypi license: None
ygq-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ygram, detected pypi license: None
ygrauzdokq, detected pypi license: None
ygrep,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
ygssbn-distributions, detected pypi license: None
yg-thumpy,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yg-token,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
yh, detected pypi license: None
yhandler,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yhat,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yhb,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
yh-catch-apple, detected pypi license: None
yhitsupermath, detected pypi license: None
yhmodule, 404 - page not found
yh-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yhnews,
Copyright (C) 2019 The Python Packaging Authority,
Copyright C 2019 The Python Packaging Authority,
NOT Converted.
yhqylsh, detected pypi license: None
yht,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yhttp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yhttp-auth,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yhttp-pony,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yhwnester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yhw-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yhy, detected pypi license: None
yi,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yiac,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yiannispdf, 404 - page not found
yibai-sms-python-sdk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yiban,
BSD 3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yibanapi, detected pypi license: None
yices,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yichin, detected pypi license: None
yichun-shi-autocomplete,
CMU,
MIT-CMU,
Converted.
yicurd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yidashcam,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yield2await,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yieldbreaker, detected pypi license: None
yieldcurve, detected pypi license: None
yield-curve-dynamics,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yieldcurve-vlademel, detected pypi license: None
yieldfixture, detected pypi license: None
yieldfrom,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yield-from,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yieldfrom-botocore,
Copyright 2012-2014 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"). You
may not use this file except in compliance with the License. A copy of
the License is located at

    http://aws.amazon.com/apache2.0/

or in the "license" file accompanying this file. This file is
distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific
language governing permissions and limitations under the License.,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yieldfrom-http-client,
Python Software Foundation License,
PSF-2.0,
Converted.
yieldfrom-requests,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yieldfrom-urllib3,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yieldfrom-urllib-request,
Python Software Foundation License,
PSF-2.0,
Converted.
yieldlocus,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yieldpoints,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yifeif-tensorflow-graphics,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yiff,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yiffscraper, detected pypi license: None
yifi,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yify,
LICENSE,
LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
yifyapi, detected pypi license: None
yify-grabber,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yify-sub,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yige,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yigemuokuai1, detected pypi license: None
yigitflow,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yihan-helper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yijing,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yikai-helper-funcs,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yikai-tools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yikit,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yima, detected pypi license: None
yimage,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yimerge, detected pypi license: None
yimilili,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yi-mp, detected pypi license: None
yinan-dl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yinasrun, detected pypi license: None
yinfishs-sswitch,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
ying4449,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yingbox, detected pypi license: None
yingjia-common, detected pypi license: None
yingmiyaml, 404 - page not found
yingzi, detected pypi license: None
yinhua-airworks, detected pypi license: None
yinlu, 404 - page not found
yinotify,
GPL 2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
yinquanhui, 404 - page not found
yinsolidated,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yinstabot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yinyang, detected pypi license: None
yiopypi,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yip,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yipit,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yippee,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yippi,
LGPL-3.0-only,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yipy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yiriair,
AGPL-3.0 License,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yiri-mirai,
AGPL-3.0,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yi-sso-tool, 404 - page not found
yi-sso-tools, 404 - page not found
yitest,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yith-library-server,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yith-web-client,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yitizi, detected pypi license: None
yivo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yixiangrpc, detected pypi license: None
yixin,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yixinpylib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yj, detected pypi license: None
yjb-scraper, detected pypi license: None
yjlab,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yjpip, detected pypi license: None
yjpproject, detected pypi license: None
yjs, detected pypi license: None
yjsnpy,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yjtest,
Apache2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yj-tool,
Apache-2.0 License,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yjx-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yj-xuniji, detected pypi license: None
yk, detected pypi license: None
ykb,
GPL-3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ykbbb, detected pypi license: None
ykbio, detected pypi license: None
yk-calculator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ykdl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yk-face,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yk-face-api-model,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ykfan-utils, detected pypi license: None
ykk, detected pypi license: None
ykpers-cffi,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ykpstools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yks, detected pypi license: None
yk-totp,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yl,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yl-app, detected pypi license: None
yld,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yl-django-betterforms, detected pypi license: None
yldprolog, detected pypi license: None
yle-dl,
GNU GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ylib,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
y-lineagetracker,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yliveticker, detected pypi license: None
yliveticker-test, detected pypi license: None
ylmfab,
GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL), Version 3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ylogger,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
ylp9-blog, detected pypi license: None
ylx-tools, detected pypi license: None
yl-yourname, detected pypi license: None
yly-python-sdk,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
ym,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yma2txt,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ymake,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ymap,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ymautomation,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ymcalculator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ymci,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ymci-ext-acl,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ymci-ext-coverage,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ymci-ext-mail-alerts,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ymci-ext-oauth,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ymci-ext-sloccount,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ymci-ext-source-git,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ymci-ext-test-junit,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ymcntr,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ymcontent, detected pypi license: None
ymgcounter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ym-impyla,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ymir,
apache,
apache,
NOT Converted.
yml,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
yml2,
GPL-2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
yml2db,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yml2json,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yml2tex,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ymlconf,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
ymlconfig,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ymlf,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ymlref,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ymmnlputils,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
ymmsl,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ymmuimlibrary,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ymodel,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ymp,
GPL-3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ympush, detected pypi license: None
ymreader,
GNU GPL v2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
ym-service-streamer, detected pypi license: None
ymsglib,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ymxadmin,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
ym-xadmin,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
ymz, 404 - page not found
yn,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ynab, detected pypi license: None
ynabamazonparser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ynab-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ynab-client,
Apache2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ynab-csv-converter,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ynab-import,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ynabintegrationscli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ynabintegrationslib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ynabinterfaceslib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ynablib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ynab-moka, detected pypi license: None
ynab-sdk, detected pypi license: None
ynab-weekly,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ynca,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ynd-probability, detected pypi license: None
ynester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
y-nester, detected pypi license: None
ynet,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yn-input,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ynitdb,
GNU GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ynj, detected pypi license: None
yn-lantern,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ynm3k, detected pypi license: None
ynn, detected pypi license: None
ynot,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ynot-astro, detected pypi license: None
ynsfsc-distributions, detected pypi license: None
yo, detected pypi license: None
yoapi,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yoav,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yobit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yobr, detected pypi license: None
yobs-da, 404 - page not found
yocho-pyld-xtl,
CC0-1.0,
CC0-1.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yocho-rdflib-xtl,
CC0-1.0,
CC0-1.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yo-cli, detected pypi license: None
yoclient, detected pypi license: None
yo-client,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yoconfigurator,
MIT (Expat),
MIT,
Converted.
yoctoec2, detected pypi license: None
yoctol-argparse,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoctol-keras-layer-zoo,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yoctol-nlu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoctol-utils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoctools,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yoctools-t1,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yoctopuce, detected pypi license: None
yoda,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yoda-powers, detected pypi license: None
yodapy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoda-speech, detected pypi license: None
yoda-tools, detected pypi license: None
yodawg,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yoddoy01test,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yodel,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yodelaldenq, detected pypi license: None
yodel-aldenq, detected pypi license: None
yodelnet, detected pypi license: None
yodeploy, detected pypi license: None
yodf, detected pypi license: None
yodine,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yodine-data,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yodl,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yodlee,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yodoit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yo-ds,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yodzpdf, 404 - page not found
yo-fabric,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yo-fluq,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yo-fluq-ds,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yofx, detected pypi license: None
yog,
AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yoga,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yogadl,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yogaflo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoga-image-optimizer,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yogalib, 404 - page not found
yogasmara-pkg-septiana-yogasmara, detected pypi license: None
yogasoft, detected pypi license: None
yogendra-fizzbuzz, detected pypi license: None
yogesh, detected pypi license: None
yogesh-chandra, detected pypi license: None
yogesh-nile,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yogi-formula,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoginth, detected pypi license: None
yogit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yogosyu,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yogurt, detected pypi license: None
yogy-pkg-yogymax, detected pypi license: None
yoink,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoinkery,
Modified BSD,
Modified BSD,
NOT Converted.
yo-jenkins, detected pypi license: None
yokadi, detected pypi license: None
yoke,
Type license() to see the full license text,
Type license to see the full license text,
NOT Converted.
yokr,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yolapiasync,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yolapy,
MIT (Expat),
MIT,
Converted.
yolk,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
yolk1977,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
yolk3k,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
yolk-portage,
GPL-2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
yolo, detected pypi license: None
yolo2voc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yolo3,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
yolo34py,
YOLO34Py wrapper is under Apache 2.0. Darknet is Public Domain.,
YOLO34Py wrapper is under Apache 2.0. Darknet is Public Domain,
NOT Converted.
yolo34py-gpu,
YOLO34Py wrapper is under Apache 2.0. Darknet is Public Domain.,
YOLO34Py wrapper is under Apache 2.0. Darknet is Public Domain,
NOT Converted.
yolo5, detected pypi license: None
yolo6, detected pypi license: None
yolo7, detected pypi license: None
yolo-auto, detected pypi license: None
yolobel,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yolocaraccident, detected pypi license: None
yolodb,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yolo-distribution-distillation-demo,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
yolo-ed2-demo,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
yoloface,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yolog,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoloimport,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yolo-labeler, detected pypi license: None
yolololobagv4,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yolo-rahul-sinha, detected pypi license: None
yolort,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yolotrack, 404 - page not found
yolov3, detected pypi license: None
yolov3-tf2,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yolov4,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yolo-v4, detected pypi license: None
yolov4detector, detected pypi license: None
yolov4-kl-demo, detected pypi license: None
yolov4track, 404 - page not found
yolov5,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yolov5-evaluator, detected pypi license: None
yolov5-icevision,
GNU General Public License v3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yolov5processor, detected pypi license: None
yolov5robocik, detected pypi license: None
yolov5robociktest, detected pypi license: None
yolo-v5-tflite,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yolov6, detected pypi license: None
yolov7, detected pypi license: None
yolox,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yomapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yomari,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yom-client, detected pypi license: None
yomerrors,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yomi, detected pypi license: None
yomidict, detected pypi license: None
yomiel,
Apache2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yomikata,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yomlogger,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yomo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yomopie,
Apache2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yomo-py-common,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoms3,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yomslack,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yomu, detected pypi license: None
yomvalidator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoncrawler,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
yongshi-guidarktheme, detected pypi license: None
yongshi-pyeth, detected pypi license: None
yongshi-pynfc, detected pypi license: None
yongshi-pyqtgameboard, detected pypi license: None
yongshuox,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
yonwog,
yon,
yon,
NOT Converted.
yoo,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yoohoo, detected pypi license: None
yoojampdf, detected pypi license: None
yookassa,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yookassa-payout,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoomoney,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yoongoo, detected pypi license: None
yoopf-for-python,
GNU Affero General Public Licence v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yootk, detected pypi license: None
yootk-mess, detected pypi license: None
yootk-message, detected pypi license: None
yootk-message-yangrui, detected pypi license: None
yoottana-helloworld-library, detected pypi license: None
yopackage, 404 - page not found
yopass-cli, detected pypi license: None
yopass-cli-zsolt-halo, 404 - page not found
yo-payments,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yopenapi,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yopp,
ISCL,
ISC,
Converted.
yop-python-sdk,
Apache License,
Apache License,
NOT Converted.
yoptions, detected pypi license: None
yopy,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yo-py,
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Parth Dhar

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.,
MIT,
Converted.
yopypi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoqle, detected pypi license: None
yorbali, detected pypi license: None
yorbay,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yorg, detected pypi license: None
yorick,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yorkpy, detected pypi license: None
yorkshire4,
New BSD,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
york-yt-concate,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yorm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yorn, detected pypi license: None
yorpo, detected pypi license: None
yorumsepeti, detected pypi license: None
yo-runner,
GPL-2.0+,
GPL-2.0-or-later,
Converted.
yos, detected pypi license: None
yosai,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yosai-alchemystore,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yosai-dpcache,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yosaipy2,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yos-cube,
Apache License,
Apache License,
NOT Converted.
yoshi-otter, detected pypi license: None
yoshi-seals, detected pypi license: None
yoshix,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoso,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yospacecds,
Distribute Freely,
Distribute Freely,
NOT Converted.
yos-social-sdk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yosstocks, detected pypi license: None
yosun,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yota,
LICENSE,
LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
yotest, detected pypi license: None
yothisisareallylongname,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yoti,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoti-sandbox,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoto-exception,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yoton,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yotpo-api, detected pypi license: None
yotsuba,
Dual-licensed in GNU General Public Library and MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yotsuba-python,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yotta,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yotuyu, detected pypi license: None
you,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youandme, detected pypi license: None
youapi, detected pypi license: None
youarehere,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youcab,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youchoose,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youconfigme, detected pypi license: None
youcos,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youda,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
youdao,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youdaoai, detected pypi license: None
youdao-client, 404 - page not found
youdaodict,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youdao-dict, detected pypi license: None
youdaofanyi,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
youdao-python,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
youdao-simple,
GPL v3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
youdaotranslate, detected pypi license: None
youdao-translator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youdao-tr-free,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
youdao-wd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
you-dl,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
youdown,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
you-get,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youglance,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youku, detected pypi license: None
youkudownloader,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youku-upload,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yould,
GPL v3 or later,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
youless-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
you-live,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youlldownload,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
youmadeit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youmeng,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youneedme,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
younet-rnd-infrastructure, 404 - page not found
young, detected pypi license: None
younggis,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
youngho,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
youngho2016,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
youngmenpackage,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
youngnmt, detected pypi license: None
youngones-auth, detected pypi license: None
youngshine-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
youngtest, detected pypi license: None
youngtoolkit, detected pypi license: None
younit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youplay,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
youpy,
BSD 3-clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
your, detected pypi license: None
yourai,
Apache License Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youran, 404 - page not found
your-app,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yourbase, detected pypi license: None
yourface,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
your-fav-dl-framework, detected pypi license: None
youripdf, 404 - page not found
yourls,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
your-lucky-song,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yourmum, detected pypi license: None
your-notes,
GNU,
GNU,
NOT Converted.
your-package,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yourproject, detected pypi license: None
yourscript-test, detected pypi license: None
yoursql,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoursuperapi, detected pypi license: None
yourtool,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yourtube,
LGPL-2.1,
LGPL-2.1-only,
Converted.
your-win,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youscan,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yousearch, detected pypi license: None
youseedee,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youset,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youspy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yousub,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtea,
Copyright (c) 2021 SladkayaDoza,
Copyright c 2021 SladkayaDoza,
NOT Converted.
youtiao,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtil,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtokentome,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtrack,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtrack-rest-api,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtrack-scripts,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtube, 404 - page not found
youtube2audiospectro, 404 - page not found
youtube2images, detected pypi license: None
youtube2ipfs, detected pypi license: None
youtube2m4a, detected pypi license: None
youtube2midi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube2mp3,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube2srt,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
youtube2zim,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
youtube3,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
youtube-alexa-python,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtubeapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-api,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtubeapi-tjmoon0104,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-api-wrapper,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
youtube-audio-downloader,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
youtube-auto-commenter,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtube-auto-comment-liker,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtube-autodownloader, detected pypi license: None
youtube-auto-video-liker,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtube-batch,
GNU Public License v3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
youtube-bz, detected pypi license: None
youtube-channel-scraper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-channel-subscribe,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtube-channel-transcript-api, detected pypi license: None
youtube-channel-videos-scraper-bot,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtube-cl, detected pypi license: None
youtube-cli,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
youtubecommentanalysis,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
youtubecomments, detected pypi license: None
youtube-comment-scraper-python,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtubecrawler, detected pypi license: None
youtube-creator-cli, detected pypi license: None
youtube-cue,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-curses, detected pypi license: None
youtube-dash-dl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtubedata, detected pypi license: None
youtube-data-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-data-api3,
Apache 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtube-discusion-tree-api2, 404 - page not found
youtube-discussion-tree-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-django,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
youtubedl, 404 - page not found
youtube-dl,
Unlicense,
Unlicense,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-dl2,
Unlicense,
Unlicense,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtubedlapi-server-infusiblecoder, detected pypi license: None
youtube-dlc, detected pypi license: None
youtube-dl-cli,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtubedlez, detected pypi license: None
youtube-dlg,
UNLICENSE,
Unlicense,
Converted.
youtube-dl-gui,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-dl-gui-server,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-dl-helper,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
youtube-dl-hva,
Unlicense,
Unlicense,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-dl-plugin,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
youtube-dl-server,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
youtube-dl-service,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-dl-wo-ctypes, 404 - page not found
youtubedown,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-download,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtubedownloader, detected pypi license: None
youtube-downloader,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
youtube-downloader-website, detected pypi license: None
youtubeeased,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-easy-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-extract, detected pypi license: None
youtube-ff, detected pypi license: None
youtubegraph,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtubeinfo, detected pypi license: None
youtubeless, detected pypi license: None
youtubelight, detected pypi license: None
youtube-livechat-messages, detected pypi license: None
youtube-loader, detected pypi license: None
youtube-lv, detected pypi license: None
youtube-md, detected pypi license: None
youtube-me,
Public Domain,
Public Domain,
NOT Converted.
youtubemeta, detected pypi license: None
youtube-metadata-scrapper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-metrics,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
youtube-mp3,
MIT/X11,
MIT/X11,
NOT Converted.
youtube-mp3-downloader,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-multi-dl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtubemusicapi, detected pypi license: None
youtube-music-uploader,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-playlist-creator-bot,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtube-playlist-downloader,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtube-playlist-randomizer, detected pypi license: None
youtube-playlist-to-m3u,
mit,
MIT,
Converted.
youtube-playlist-videos-scraper-python,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtube-playman, detected pypi license: None
youtubepy, detected pypi license: None
youtube-py,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
youtube-python,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
youtube-python-sdk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-related,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-rss-subscriber, detected pypi license: None
youtube-rss-viewer, 404 - page not found
youtubescraper,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
youtube-scraper,
LICENSE,
LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
youtube-scraping-api, detected pypi license: None
youtube-sdk-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-search,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-searcher,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
youtube-search-fork,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-search-python,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-search-requests,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-search-requests-py2, 404 - page not found
youtube-search-scraper,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtube-sentiment,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-series-downloader,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-sm,
MLP-2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
youtube-sm-parser,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtube-song-downloader,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-stream,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-streamer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-synopsis, detected pypi license: None
youtubetaggenerator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-thumbnail, detected pypi license: None
youtube-title-parse,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-title-parser,
GPL 3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
youtube-to-anki,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtubetobibtex,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
youtubetomp3,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
youtube-to-mp3, detected pypi license: None
youtube-to-mpd,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
youtube-tool,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-to-vlc, 404 - page not found
youtubetranscript, detected pypi license: None
youtube-transcript-api, detected pypi license: None
youtube-tts-data-generator,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-unlimited-search, detected pypi license: None
youtube-unofficial,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
youtube-upload,
GNU Public License v3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
youtube-uploader-selenium, detected pypi license: None
youtube-uploader-selenium-aug,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-upload-monetization, detected pypi license: None
youtube-utils-fishingcoder, detected pypi license: None
youtube-video-comment-replies-scraper-python,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtube-video-play-pause-bot,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtube-video-scraping,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtube-video-upload,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-video-uploader-bot,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtube-video-viewer-bot,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youtubevlc,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
youtubewatched,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtube-watcher,
GPL3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
youtube-websearch,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
youtunes,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtux-test-travis,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youtyper, detected pypi license: None
youversion,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
youwol,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youzan,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
youzhang,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yowasp-nextpnr-ecp5,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yowasp-nextpnr-ecp5-25k,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yowasp-nextpnr-ecp5-45k,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yowasp-nextpnr-ecp5-85k,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yowasp-nextpnr-ecp5-all,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yowasp-nextpnr-gowin,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yowasp-nextpnr-ice40,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yowasp-nextpnr-ice40-1k,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yowasp-nextpnr-ice40-384,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yowasp-nextpnr-ice40-5k,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yowasp-nextpnr-ice40-8k,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yowasp-nextpnr-ice40-all,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yowasp-nextpnr-ice40-u4k,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yowasp-nextpnr-nexus,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yowasp-yosys,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yowlayer-django-store,
GPL-3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yowsup,
GPL-3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yowsup2,
GPL-3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yowsup-celery,
ISCL,
ISC,
Converted.
yowsup-gateway,
ISCL,
ISC,
Converted.
yow-utils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoyo, detected pypi license: None
yoyo-database-migrations,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
yoyo-distributions, detected pypi license: None
yoyo-indexima,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoyolala, detected pypi license: None
yoyomigrations, detected pypi license: None
yoyo-migrations,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
yoyo-pack,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yoyopkg,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yoyo-submarine, 404 - page not found
yoyotestpags00,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yozuch,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yp,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ypackage,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ypassbook,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ypc, detected pypi license: None
ypcc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ypconfig,
BSD 2-Clause,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
ypconnector, detected pypi license: None
ypcspy,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ypdd,
Apache License Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ypdf, detected pypi license: None
ypersms-client,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ypgame, detected pypi license: None
yphtest,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ypinyin,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
ypipe,
GPL v2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
ypiptest, detected pypi license: None
ypkpathway,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
yplan-logging-utils,
ISCL,
ISC,
Converted.
yplate,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ypotf,
AGPL,
AGPL,
NOT Converted.
ypredict,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ypricemagic,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ypstruct, detected pypi license: None
yput, 404 - page not found
ypy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
y-py, detected pypi license: None
ypyapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yq,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
yqf, 404 - page not found
yqg-py-scheduler, detected pypi license: None
yqgscheduler, detected pypi license: None
yqhoutest,
GNU General Public License v3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yqk-tools, detected pypi license: None
yql,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yql-finance,
Copyright (c) 2014, Sławomir Kabik
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of the {organization} nor the names of its
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
  this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.,
Copyright c 2014 Sławomir Kabik
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms with or without
modification are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of the {organization} nor the names of its
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
  this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS AS IS
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT INDIRECT INCIDENTAL SPECIAL EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES LOSS OF USE DATA OR PROFITS OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY WHETHER IN CONTRACT STRICT LIABILITY
OR TORT INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE,
NOT Converted.
yqmd,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yqmiot,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yqml, detected pypi license: None
yqmq,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yqn-jupyterhub-ldapauthenticator,
3 Clause BSD,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yqn-project-cli, detected pypi license: None
yqn-project-pro, detected pypi license: None
yqn-pytorch-framework,
Proprietary,
Proprietary,
NOT Converted.
yqt, detected pypi license: None
yqxx, detected pypi license: None
yr,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yrag, detected pypi license: None
yrequests, detected pypi license: None
yrest,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
y-rip,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ys,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ysa, detected pypi license: None
ysanic,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ysb-common, detected pypi license: None
yschema,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ysco, 404 - page not found
ysdata,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ys-distributions, detected pypi license: None
ysdtools, detected pypi license: None
y-serial,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yserv,
GPL v2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
ysg-demo3-package, detected pypi license: None
yshen-setup-test,
Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike license,
Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike license,
NOT Converted.
yshysh, detected pypi license: None
ysignals,
Apache License,
Apache License,
NOT Converted.
ysk-django-lockdown,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ysl-h-isaac23,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ysmtool, detected pypi license: None
ys-nester1, detected pypi license: None
yson,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ysospy-noahbraunf, detected pypi license: None
yspacepy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yspec, detected pypi license: None
ysp-postdown, detected pypi license: None
ysr, detected pypi license: None
ys-service, detected pypi license: None
yssh,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ystafdb, detected pypi license: None
ystock, detected pypi license: None
ystocklist,
GNU LGPL,
GNU LGPL,
NOT Converted.
ystockquery, detected pypi license: None
ystockquote,
GNU LGPLv2+,
LGPL-2.0-or-later,
Converted.
ystooldddd2dddd, detected pypi license: None
ystooldddddddd, 404 - page not found
ystools, detected pypi license: None
ysyai2,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ysyfinance,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yt,
BSD 3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yt2mp3, detected pypi license: None
yt2mp3down,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytam, detected pypi license: None
ytapi,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytapitest, detected pypi license: None
yt-archiver,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yt-astro-analysis,
BSD 3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yt-audio,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yt-auto-search-python,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ytb,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytbdwn,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ytbot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytcc,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ytchannel, detected pypi license: None
yt-channels-archive,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yt-channel-subscribe,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ytclient,
https://github.com/JoshLee0915/youtrack-rest-python-library/blob/master/LICENSE,
https://github.com/JoshLee0915/youtrack-rest-python-library/blob/master/LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
yt-concate,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yt-concate-beta,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yt-concate-jason,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yt-concate-willie300300,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yt-core-ralf1307,
AGPLv3+,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
ytda,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytdata,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytdl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yt-dlg,
UNLICENSE,
Unlicense,
Converted.
ytdlmusic,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yt-dlp, detected pypi license: None
ytdown,
Free,
Free,
NOT Converted.
ytdownl, detected pypi license: None
ytdownloader,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
ytdvideo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytelapi, detected pypi license: None
yter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytermplayer,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ytest,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yt-finance,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yt-flyte-playground-flytectl,
apache2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yt-formula-node,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ytfs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytgrep, detected pypi license: None
yt-helper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ythesis,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yt-idv,
BSD license,
BSD license,
NOT Converted.
yt-iframe,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytimg, detected pypi license: None
ytimg2, 404 - page not found
yt-info,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yt-interaction,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
ytiny,
GUN,
GUN,
NOT Converted.
ytkd-api, detected pypi license: None
yt-lib, detected pypi license: None
ytlivescrape,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytlog,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ytmdl, detected pypi license: None
ytmonsterclient,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytmpc,
LICENSE,
LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
ytmusicapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytmusic-deleter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytool, detected pypi license: None
ytools,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ytools3,
Apache2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ytopt,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
ytp, 404 - page not found
ytp1,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ytparser, detected pypi license: None
yt-playlist-dl, detected pypi license: None
yt-playlist-updater, detected pypi license: None
ytplpy, detected pypi license: None
ytpo, detected pypi license: None
ytproofreading, detected pypi license: None
ytpy, detected pypi license: None
yt-rank-checker,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
ytrans,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
y-trans, detected pypi license: None
ytranslate, detected pypi license: None
yt-recipe-relativeworkaround,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yt-recipe-shell,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ytree,
BSD 3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
ytreviewsapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytrie,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ytrpdf, detected pypi license: None
ytrss,
GNU,
GNU,
NOT Converted.
ytrssil, detected pypi license: None
yts,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytsapi, detected pypi license: None
ytscm, detected pypi license: None
ytscraper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yt-scraper,
Unlicense,
Unlicense,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yts-downloader,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
ytsearch,
GPL3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yt-search,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yt-search-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytsearch-develop,
GPL3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yt-searcher-for-py, detected pypi license: None
ytsentimentanalysis,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
ytsingleton,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytsnarf, 404 - page not found
yt-songs,
Copyright 2016 Minik Olsen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.,
Copyright 2016 Minik Olsen

Permission is hereby granted free of charge to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files the Software to deal
in the Software without restriction including without limitation the rights
to use copy modify merge publish distribute sublicense and/or sell
copies of the Software and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT TORT OR OTHERWISE ARISING FROM
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE,
NOT Converted.
ytsphinx,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
ytsr, detected pypi license: None
ytstream, 404 - page not found
ytstreamer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytstudio,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ytsub,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
ytsubtitles,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yttrium, detected pypi license: None
ytu,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
ytube,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytul, 404 - page not found
yturl,
Public Domain,
Public Domain,
NOT Converted.
ytutils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytvdownload, detected pypi license: None
yt-vid-dl,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yt-video-scraper-python,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yt-videos-list,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yt-video-viewer,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ytvpn,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytvsearch,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ytzoo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yu, detected pypi license: None
yuan,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yuanian,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yuankq,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yuanmaxiong1, detected pypi license: None
yuanni,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yuanrl, detected pypi license: None
yuansfer, detected pypi license: None
yuan-tool, detected pypi license: None
yubiadmin,
BSD 2 clause,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yubiauth,
BSD 2 clause,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yubico,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yubico-authenticator, 404 - page not found
yubico-bitcoin,
BSD 2 clause,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yubicoclient,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yubico-client,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yubihsm, detected pypi license: None
yubikey,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yubikey-manager,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yubikey-manager-lib,
GPL-3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yubikey-neo-manager,
BSD 2 clause,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yubikey-piv-manager,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yubikey-totp-gui,
2 clause BSD,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yubin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yubioath-desktop,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yubiotp,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yubistack,
BSD 2 clause,
BSD-2-Clause,
Converted.
yubistorm,
LGPL v3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yucc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yuccnlptools, detected pypi license: None
yucctools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yuce,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yucebio-config,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yucebio-notifier,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yucebio-scheduler,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yucebio-uploader,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yucebio-wdladaptor,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yucheng, detected pypi license: None
yucheng-ner,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yuci-dictionary,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yuck,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yucli,
GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yudebug, detected pypi license: None
yudu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yuejzdemo, detected pypi license: None
yu-example, 404 - page not found
yueye, detected pypi license: None
yueyegame, detected pypi license: None
yueyelib, detected pypi license: None
yufeng-test, detected pypi license: None
yufou,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yufuquantsdk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yugabyte-pycommon,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yugansh, detected pypi license: None
yuganshpdf, detected pypi license: None
yugioh, detected pypi license: None
yugioh-bot, detected pypi license: None
yugiohdeck-api, detected pypi license: None
yuhanutils, detected pypi license: None
yuid, detected pypi license: None
yujiamath, detected pypi license: None
yujia-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yujin-tools,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yuki,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yukon-backend,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yule, detected pypi license: None
yuleak-api,
Apache 2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yulelog,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yulonglib, detected pypi license: None
yulpdf, detected pypi license: None
yum2s3,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yum4fit-halfdeadpie,
Public Domain,
Public Domain,
NOT Converted.
yuma,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yumemi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yumi-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yuml,
COPYING,
COPYING,
NOT Converted.
yum-menu-tree, detected pypi license: None
yummly,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yummy,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yummy-cereal, detected pypi license: None
yummycurry, detected pypi license: None
yummy-sphinx-theme,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yumpu-sdk,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yumrepos, detected pypi license: None
yum-repos,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yumwat,
GPL v3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
yuna,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yunant, 404 - page not found
yunbi,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yunbk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yuncheng-python-pkg,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
yuncheng-util,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
yuncheng-util-pkg, detected pypi license: None
yundama,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yu-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yunetkomax, detected pypi license: None
yunetkomymath, detected pypi license: None
yunguanfu-mil3id2019,
BSD-3 license,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
yunit, detected pypi license: None
yuniteapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yunlib,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yunnet, detected pypi license: None
yunomi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yunorm,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
yunpian,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yunpian-python-sdk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yunpian-sdk-python,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yunpipe,
Apache v2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yunpipe2,
Apache v2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yunshiss, detected pypi license: None
yunti,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yuntian-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yuntongxun,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yuntongxun-restapi-asyncio,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
yuntools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yun-tools, 404 - page not found
yuntu,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
yunuspdf, detected pypi license: None
yunxinserverapisigner, detected pypi license: None
yunyun, detected pypi license: None
yunyundb,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yup,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yupeifeng-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yupi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yupiwrap, detected pypi license: None
yupp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yuque-py,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yur, detected pypi license: None
yuriko,
The MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yurl, detected pypi license: None
yurlungur,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yurual-test1,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yurumikuji,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yusssstd, detected pypi license: None
yutest, detected pypi license: None
yu-test,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yutility, detected pypi license: None
yutils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yuting-recu,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yuting-recu-now,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yutto,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yutu,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yuu,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yuuki-core,
Mozilla Public License,
Mozilla Public License,
NOT Converted.
yuuno,
GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3),
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yuuno-core,
GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3),
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yuvtools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yux-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yuzhuhwbubbler, detected pypi license: None
yuzihua-bolg, detected pypi license: None
yuzu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yv,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yve,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yvespdf, detected pypi license: None
yvi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yw,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
y-w,
SJSU,
SJSU,
NOT Converted.
ywaut,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
yw-aut,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
ywbde1124,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ywdblogmath, detected pypi license: None
ywdblogmath2, detected pypi license: None
yw-distributions, detected pypi license: None
yweather,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ywfnester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yw-gw-sdk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ywh2bt, detected pypi license: None
ywit-event-countdown,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ywkd-tools, detected pypi license: None
yw-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yworklog,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ywsd,
AGPLv3+,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
ywxb, detected pypi license: None
yx,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yxd,
AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
yxh-ip-address, detected pypi license: None
yxj-yourname, detected pypi license: None
yxkjapi, detected pypi license: None
yx-nest,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yxpy,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yxq-stock, detected pypi license: None
yxs-one2one, detected pypi license: None
yxspkg, detected pypi license: None
yxspkg-binary, 404 - page not found
yxspkg-data-faceswap, detected pypi license: None
yxspkg-data-icon, detected pypi license: None
yxspkg-encrypt, detected pypi license: None
yxspkg-pip, detected pypi license: None
yxspkg-songzgif, detected pypi license: None
yxspkg-songzviewer, detected pypi license: None
yxspkg-tecfile, detected pypi license: None
yxspkg-vscrun, 404 - page not found
yxspkg-wget, detected pypi license: None
yxs-pytecio, detected pypi license: None
yxs-required, detected pypi license: None
yxstool, 404 - page not found
yxtest,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yxt-nlp-toolkit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yxttest, 404 - page not found
yxxhero,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
yxzhello, 404 - page not found
yy, detected pypi license: None
yyafl,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yyam,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yyc, detected pypi license: None
yyds, detected pypi license: None
yyggtest,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yygq, detected pypi license: None
yyhnester, 404 - page not found
yyhtools,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yyimg, detected pypi license: None
yyjson, detected pypi license: None
yylnester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yynb, detected pypi license: None
yy-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yypget,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yyq-print,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yyqq188-mydemo, detected pypi license: None
yyreview,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yy-scikit-multilearn,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yy-spider,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
yytest,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
yyutils, detected pypi license: None
yywtestpackage,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yyxmath, detected pypi license: None
yyx-tools, detected pypi license: None
yyy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yyytools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yyyymmdd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yyyy-mm-dd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yyzs-update, 404 - page not found
yz,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yzal,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
yzconfig,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
yzcore, detected pypi license: None
yz-core, detected pypi license: None
yz-distributions, detected pypi license: None
yzgprinter,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yzid, detected pypi license: None
yzj-athletelist,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yzj-athletemodel,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yzj-sanitize,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yznester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
yzrpc,
Apache License Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
yzs-work,
Anti-996-License,
Anti-996-License,
NOT Converted.
yz-test, detected pypi license: None
yzuid, detected pypi license: None
yzwspider, detected pypi license: None
z, 404 - page not found
z048, detected pypi license: None
z0bug-odoo,
Affero GPL,
Affero GPL,
NOT Converted.
z0lib,
Affero GPL,
Affero GPL,
NOT Converted.
z123155, detected pypi license: None
z2labelmap,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
z2n-periodogram,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
z2p, detected pypi license: None
z2pack,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
z3, detected pypi license: None
z3c-amf,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-appconfig,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
z3c-authenticator, 404 - page not found
z3c-authviewlet, 404 - page not found
z3c-autoinclude,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-baseregistry, 404 - page not found
z3c-batching,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-bcrypt,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-blobfile,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-boiler,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-boston,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-breadcrumb,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-builder-core,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-caching,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-celery, 404 - page not found
z3c-checkversions, 404 - page not found
z3c-conditionalviews,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-configurator,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-contents,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-coverage,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-csvvocabulary,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-currency,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-datagenerator,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-dav,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-davapp-zopeappfile,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-davapp-zopefile,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-davapp-zopelocking,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-deadlockdebugger,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-dependencychecker,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
z3c-discriminator,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-dobbin,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-etestbrowser,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-etree,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-evalexception,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-extfile,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-feature-core,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-feature-zope,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-filetype,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
z3c-flashmessage,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-form,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-formdemo,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-formjs,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-formjsdemo,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-formui,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-formwidget-bootstrap-datepicker,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-formwidget-ckeditor,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-formwidget-optgroup,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-formwidget-query,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-formwidget-unit,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-gibberish,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-hashedresource,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-i18n,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-image,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-indexer,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-insist,
Proprietary,
Proprietary,
NOT Converted.
z3c-iplocation,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-jbot,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-json,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-jsonrpc,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-jsonrpcproxy,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-jsontree,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-language-negotiator,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-language-session,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-language-switch,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-layer,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-layer-minimal,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-layer-pagelet,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-layer-ready2go,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-layer-trusted,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-layout,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-listjs,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-locales,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-macro,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-macroviewlet,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-memhunt-objgraph,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-menu,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-menu-ready2go,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-menu-simple,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-metrics,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-mountpoint,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-multifieldindex,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-noop,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-objectpolicy,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-objpath,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-offlinepack,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-optionstorage,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-pagelet,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-password,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-pdftemplate,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-persistentfactory,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-pluggabletemplates,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-preference,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-profiler,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-proxy,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-pt,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-ptcompat,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-pt-compat,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-pypimirror,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
z3c-quickentry,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-compattest,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-depgraph,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-dev,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-egg,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-recipe-eggbasket,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-recipe-epydoc,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-fakezope2eggs,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-filetemplate,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-i18n,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-ldap,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-recipe-mkdir,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-openoffice,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-paster,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-perlpackage,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-runscript,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-scripts,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-sphinxdoc,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-staticlxml,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-recipe-tag,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-template,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-recipe-usercrontab,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-recipe-winservice,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-referercredentials,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-relationfield,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-relationfieldui,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
z3c-repoexternals,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-requestlet,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-resource,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-resourcecollector,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-resourceinclude,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-rest,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-rest-publisher,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-rml,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-rmldocument,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-rotterdam,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-saconfig,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-sampledata,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-schema,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-schema2xml,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-schemadiff,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-searcher,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-securitytool,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-setuptools-mercurial,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-sharedmimeinfo,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-skin-pagelet,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-soap,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-sqlalchemy,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-suds,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-table,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-tabular,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-taskqueue,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-template,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-testing,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-testsetup,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-testsummarizer,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-traverser,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-unconfigure,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-vcsync,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-versionedresource,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-viewlet,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-viewtemplate,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-webdriver,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-widget,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-widgets-flashupload,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-winpdb,
gpl,
gpl,
NOT Converted.
z3c-wizard,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-xmlhttp,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-zalchemy,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3c-zcmlhook,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
z3c-zrtresource,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3gi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
z3hello,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3locales,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z3rspoilerlib, detected pypi license: None
z3r-sramr-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
z3-solver,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
z3-solver-crosshair,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
z3-solver-mythril,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
z3tinymce,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
z3-tracker, detected pypi license: None
z3wingdbg,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
z4, detected pypi license: None
z41d, detected pypi license: None
z42,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
z43-styles,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
z4-solver,
GPL-3.0-only,
GPL-3.0-only,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
z5-tracker, detected pypi license: None
z7z8, detected pypi license: None
z80,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
z80count,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
z80dis, detected pypi license: None
za,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zaach,
The MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
zaagpro,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zaailabcorelib, detected pypi license: None
zabana-travis-ci-test,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zabbi, detected pypi license: None
zabbix, detected pypi license: None
zabbix2jira,
GPL version 3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zabbixactivechecks,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zabbix-agent-extension-couchdb3,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zabbixapi,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zabbix-api,
GNU LGPL 2.1,
LGPL-2.1-only,
Converted.
zabbix-api-client,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zabbix-api-erigones,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
zabbix-api-gnetsman,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zabbixapi-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zabbix-app-ports-discovery,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zabbixcli, detected pypi license: None
zabbix-client,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zabbix-controller, detected pypi license: None
zabbixctl,
ASLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
zabbix-docker-agent, detected pypi license: None
zabbix-ecs-connector, detected pypi license: None
zabbix-elasticsearch, detected pypi license: None
zabbix-epics-py, detected pypi license: None
zabbix-exporter,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zabbix-feishu-alert,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zabbix-import,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zabbix-lld,
ISC License,
ISC,
Converted.
zabbix-multisender, detected pypi license: None
zabbix-powerline-status,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zabbixproto,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
zabbixproxysender,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
zabbixqywechat, detected pypi license: None
zabbixsender,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
zabbix-sys,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zabbix-template-converter,
GNU Public License v3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zabbix-tuner,
GNU LGPL 2.1,
LGPL-2.1-only,
Converted.
zabbix-weixin-alert,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zabbops,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zabel,
Eclipse Public License 2.0,
EPL-2.0,
Converted.
zabel-commons,
Eclipse Public License 2.0,
EPL-2.0,
Converted.
zabel-elements,
Eclipse Public License 2.0,
EPL-2.0,
Converted.
zabel-fabric,
Eclipse Public License 2.0,
EPL-2.0,
Converted.
zaber-device,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zaber-motion,
Apache Software License v2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zaber-motion-bindings-darwin,
Apache Software License v2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zaber-motion-bindings-linux,
Apache Software License v2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zaber-motion-bindings-windows,
Apache Software License v2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zaber-production-tester, detected pypi license: None
zaber-serial,
Apache Software License v2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zaber-test-jig-zerp, detected pypi license: None
zabier-cli,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zabuza, detected pypi license: None
zac,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zach,
Public Domain,
Public Domain,
NOT Converted.
zach-386726955e, 404 - page not found
zachopy,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zachs-data-dump,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zachs-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zachs-pypi-poc-a,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zacieraczka, 404 - page not found
zack-berserk,
GNU General Public License v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zack-liu, detected pypi license: None
zacks-earnings, detected pypi license: None
zacktools, detected pypi license: None
zacnester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zac-pyutils,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zad2lukasz1928,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zadarapy,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zadarest,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zadeh, detected pypi license: None
zadnegoale,
Apache-2.0 License,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zaf, 404 - page not found
zag, detected pypi license: None
zage,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zaggregator, detected pypi license: None
zaglushka,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zagoload,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zaguan,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zaguan-inspector,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zahidpdf, detected pypi license: None
zahidpdf2, detected pypi license: None
zahlabut, detected pypi license: None
zahlwort2num, detected pypi license: None
zahner-potentiostat,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zahpeeapi,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zahwjucie, detected pypi license: None
zai, detected pypi license: None
zaidan,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zaider, detected pypi license: None
za-id-number,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zaif,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zaifapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zaifbot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zaif-client,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zaifer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zaihpdf, detected pypi license: None
zaim,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zains-gaussian-binomial-distributions, detected pypi license: None
zai-pl,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zaius-export,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zak,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zake,
ASL 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zakhar-pycore,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zakpdf, detected pypi license: None
zakuro,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zakuro-ai,
ZakuroAI,
ZakuroAI,
NOT Converted.
zalando,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zalando-aws-cli,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zalando-cli-bundle, detected pypi license: None
zalandoclient,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zalando-commons,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zalando-deploy-cli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zalando-kubectl,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zalando-turnstile,
Apache License Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zalgo,
GNU General Public License (GPL),
GNU General Public License GPL,
NOT Converted.
zalgoify, detected pypi license: None
zalgotext,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zalgo-text, detected pypi license: None
zalo-official-sdk,
GPL-2.0 License,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
zalo-python-sdk, detected pypi license: None
zalotts,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zalvipdf, detected pypi license: None
zama, detected pypi license: None
zamac, detected pypi license: None
zam-api,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zama-sdk, detected pypi license: None
zamba, detected pypi license: None
zambi,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
zamboni,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zametki,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zamia-prolog,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zam-locales,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zammad-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zammad-py,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zamplugin-authenticator,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zamplugin-contents,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zamplugin-control,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zamplugin-error,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zamplugin-navigation,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zamplugin-sampledata,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zamplugin-sitemanager,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zamqp,
GNU General Public Licence,
GNU General Public Licence,
NOT Converted.
zam-skin,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zamtools-navigation,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zamtools-news,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zamtools-profiles,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zan,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zanata2fedmsg,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
zandbak, detected pypi license: None
zander, detected pypi license: None
zanecoleriley-csmodule, 404 - page not found
zangy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zanna,
BSD license,
BSD license,
NOT Converted.
zanon, detected pypi license: None
zanpakuto,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zanshin,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zanshincli,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
zanshinsdk,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
zantedeschia,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zanthor,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zanycatpdf, detected pypi license: None
zanza,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zaoshu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zap,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
za-parliament-scrapers,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zap-automation-renderer, detected pypi license: None
zapbot, detected pypi license: None
zapcli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zap-cli-v2,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zapf,
GPL-2.0+,
GPL-2.0-or-later,
Converted.
zaphod,
Unlicensed,
Unlicensed,
NOT Converted.
zapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zapian,
Private,
Private,
NOT Converted.
zapimoveis-scraper, detected pypi license: None
zapix, detected pypi license: None
zapp,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zappa,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zappa-bepro,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zappa-call-later,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zappa-client,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zappa-dateutil,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zappa-django-utils,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zappa-env,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zappa-file-widget,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zappa-file-widget-mediabucket,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zappa-manage, detected pypi license: None
zappa-mathking,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zappa-scheduler,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zappa-sebatyler,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zappa-secrets-manager,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zappa-sentry, detected pypi license: None
zappi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zappix, detected pypi license: None
zapps,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zappy, detected pypi license: None
zapr-athena-client, detected pypi license: None
zap-report-formatter, detected pypi license: None
zapurl, detected pypi license: None
zaqar, detected pypi license: None
zaqar-tempest-plugin, detected pypi license: None
zaqar-ui, detected pypi license: None
zar,
Affero GPL,
Affero GPL,
NOT Converted.
zaraciccio, detected pypi license: None
zarame, detected pypi license: None
zarcrender, detected pypi license: None
zardoz,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zarennerqq,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zarkov,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zarnegar-converter,
GNU General Public License, Version 3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zarnevis,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zarnitsa, detected pypi license: None
zarpaint,
BSD-3,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
zarr,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zarrdump,
BSD 3-Clause license,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
zarr-eosdis-store, detected pypi license: None
zarr-jpeg,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zarr-swiftstore,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zaruti-account,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zaruti-trading,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zas,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zask,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zasm,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zas-rep-tools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zas-rep-tools-data,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zassist,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
zastro,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zat,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
zathletelistclass,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zathura,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zato, 404 - page not found
zato-apimox,
GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3),
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zato-apitest,
GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3),
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zato-client,
GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3),
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zato-common,
GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3),
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zato-connection-registry,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zato-enclog,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zato-invoke-retry,
GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3),
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zato-redis-paginator,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
zato-ride,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zato-robustlang,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zato-vault-client,
GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3),
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zato-websocket-client,
GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3),
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zava, detected pypi license: None
zayats,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zazo, detected pypi license: None
zazu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zb,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zbai, detected pypi license: None
zbar,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
zbarcam, detected pypi license: None
zbarlight,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
zbar-lite,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zbar-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zbase32,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
z-base-36,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zbase62,
GNU GPL,
GNU GPL,
NOT Converted.
z-base-62,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zbaseballdata, detected pypi license: None
zbbert, detected pypi license: None
zb-cli-wrapper,
5-Clause Nordic License,
5-Clause Nordic License,
NOT Converted.
zb-common, detected pypi license: None
zbench,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zbg,
GNU LGPL v2.1,
LGPL-2.1-only,
Converted.
zblib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zblocker,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
zbmain, detected pypi license: None
zboard, detected pypi license: None
zbookmarks,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zbox,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
z-box, detected pypi license: None
zboxfs, detected pypi license: None
zbpy, detected pypi license: None
zbr,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zbrac,
GNU GPL-3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zbredis,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zb-restqa,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zbridge,
Geomod,
Geomod,
NOT Converted.
zbsmsa,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zbs-pkgs, 404 - page not found
zbspy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zbs-zest,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zbuild,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zbuilder,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zbus,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zbuspy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zbx2slack,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zbxapi, detected pypi license: None
zbx-dashboard,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zbxnotifier,
gpl-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zbxsend,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zbx-statsd,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zbzdata,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zc-ajaxform,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcapm,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zcash, detected pypi license: None
zcash-service-status, detected pypi license: None
zcash-service-status-manan-monga, detected pypi license: None
zca-snippets,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zc-async,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
zcatalyst, 404 - page not found
zc-authorizedotnet,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcbe, detected pypi license: None
zc-beforestorage,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcb-gz, detected pypi license: None
zc-blist,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
zc-botokeyring,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-buildout,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-buildout-languageserver, detected pypi license: None
zc-buildoutsftp,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcc,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zc-cacheheaders,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-catalog,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-catalogqueue,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcc-math, detected pypi license: None
zc-comment,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-common,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zc-configuration,
ZPL 1.1,
ZPL-1.1,
Converted.
zc-copy,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-creditcard,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-customdoctests,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcc-utils, detected pypi license: None
zc-datetimewidget,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcddbclient, detected pypi license: None
zc-demostorage2,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-dict,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-displayname,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-dojoform,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-events,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zc-extrinsicreference,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcfd-validate,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
zc-filestorage,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-form,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-freeze,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-generationalset,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zchainer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zcheck, detected pypi license: None
zc-htmlchecker,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zci,
AGPLv3+,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
zc-i18n,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-icp,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-intid,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-isithanging,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-iso8601,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcj-test, detected pypi license: None
zclassic, detected pypi license: None
zc-lazylist,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zcli,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zclient,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zc-lockfile,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-loggermonitor,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcls, detected pypi license: None
zcm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zc-mappingobject,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcmd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zcmeasure, detected pypi license: None
zc-metarecipe,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-monitor,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-monitorcache,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-monitorlogstats,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-monitorpdb,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcms,
BSD-derived http://www.repoze.org/LICENSE.txt,
BSD-derived http://www.repoze.org/LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zcname, detected pypi license: None
zc-ngi,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-objectlog,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcode-system-discount, detected pypi license: None
zcodetokenizers, 404 - page not found
zcoin, detected pypi license: None
zcoinbase,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zcomm,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zcommand, detected pypi license: None
zcommands-zx, detected pypi license: None
zcommon,
LICENSE,
LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
zcommon4py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zconfig,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zconfigparser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zconfig-watchedfile,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcons,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zconst,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
zcontact,
GPL 3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zcontroller,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zcooldl,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zc-openlayers,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zcore, detected pypi license: None
zcp, detected pypi license: None
zc-parse-addr,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-queue, detected pypi license: None
zc-recipe-cmmi,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-recipe-deployment,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-recipe-egg,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-recipe-filestorage,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-recipe-icu,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-recipe-macro,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-recipe-rhrc,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-recipe-script,
ZVSL,
ZVSL,
NOT Converted.
zc-recipe-testrunner,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-recipe-wrapper,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-recipe-zope3checkout,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-recipe-zope3instance,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcred,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zc-relation,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-relationship,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-reloadmonitor,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-resourcelibrary,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-resumelb,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcrm-python-cl,
ZOHO,
ZOHO,
NOT Converted.
zcrmsdk, detected pypi license: None
zcrmsdk-2-1, 404 - page not found
zcross, detected pypi license: None
zc-rst2,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcs, detected pypi license: None
zc-s3uploadqueue,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-sbo,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcscommonlib,
MPL 2.0,
MPL-2.0,
Converted.
zc-security,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-selenium,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-sentrywsgi,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-set,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-shortcut,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-signalhandler,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-sourcefactory,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-sourcerelease,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-sqs,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-sshtunnel,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-ssl,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-table,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-testbrowser,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zctestpy, detected pypi license: None
zc-thread,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-time,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-twist,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
zcurve,
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0,
CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0,
Converted.
zc-vault,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-wsgidriver,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-wsgirunner,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-wsgisessions,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zcx811, detected pypi license: None
zcxpip, 404 - page not found
zcxpip1, 404 - page not found
zcxuutil, 404 - page not found
zcy-test,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
zcz, detected pypi license: None
zc-z3monitor,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-zdaemonrecipe,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-zk,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-zkzeo,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-zkzopeserver,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-zlibstorage,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-zodbactivitylog,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-zodbdgc,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-zodbrecipes,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-zodbwsgi,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-zookeeper-deploy-buildout,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-zookeeperrecipes,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-zookeeper-static,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
zc-zope3recipes,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-zrs,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zc-zservertracelog,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zd, detected pypi license: None
zdaemon,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zdairi,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zdas,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zdataclass, detected pypi license: None
zdatalake,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zdb,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zdb-analysis, detected pypi license: None
zdbc,
GPL-3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zdc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zdcb, detected pypi license: None
zdcode,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zdd,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zdesk,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zdeskcfg,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
z-dev-jsl1, detected pypi license: None
zdfm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zdgrab,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
zdhtmlxscheduler,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zdict,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zdir,
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Oskar Nyqvist

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.,
MIT,
Converted.
z-distributions, detected pypi license: None
zdj,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zdk, detected pypi license: None
zdktest,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zdktestpac, detected pypi license: None
zdm-client-py, detected pypi license: None
zdock-parser, detected pypi license: None
zdpytpol8projekt, detected pypi license: None
zdpytpol8-projekt, detected pypi license: None
zdq-fortest,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zdq-test,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
z-dream, detected pypi license: None
zdrive,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zdsindicator,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zds-member,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zds-schema,
EUPL 1.2,
EUPL-1.2,
Converted.
zds-to-grav,
CeCILL-B,
CECILL-B,
Converted.
zdsync,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zdup,
Apache License v2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zdutil, detected pypi license: None
zdy-learn-class, detected pypi license: None
zdy-learning, detected pypi license: None
zdy-learning3, detected pypi license: None
zdy-learning5, detected pypi license: None
zdy-nester, detected pypi license: None
ze,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ze2nb,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ze2nb-cli, detected pypi license: None
zeal, detected pypi license: None
zealous,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeam-component,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeam-form-autofields,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeam-form-base,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeam-form-composed,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeam-form-layout,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeam-form-plone,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeam-form-rdb,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeam-form-silva,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeam-form-table,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeam-form-viewlet,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeam-form-ztk,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeam-jsontemplate,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeam-utils-batch,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeanr-distributions, detected pypi license: None
zeb, detected pypi license: None
zebconf,
GPLv2+,
GPL-2.0-or-later,
Converted.
zebe-data-service, detected pypi license: None
zebe-python-utils, detected pypi license: None
zeblonk-probability, detected pypi license: None
zebr0,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zebr0-lxd,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zebr0-script,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zebra,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zebracorn, detected pypi license: None
zebrapl,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zebra-printer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zebras,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zebra-scanner, detected pypi license: None
zebrazoom,
AGPL-3.0,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zebrunnerpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zebu,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zebull,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zebullpdf, detected pypi license: None
zebull-trade, 404 - page not found
zec2,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zech,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeco, detected pypi license: None
zed, detected pypi license: None
zeddo,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zedit, detected pypi license: None
zed-nester1,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zedsuite,
LICENSE,
LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
zeebe, detected pypi license: None
zeebe-grpc, detected pypi license: None
zeebe-worker,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeek,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zeekoers,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeekshipper, detected pypi license: None
zeekutils,
Public domain,
Public domain,
NOT Converted.
zeelalchemy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeel-publisher, detected pypi license: None
zeep,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeep-adv,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeep-bold,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeepoptesting, 404 - page not found
zeep-roboticia,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeep-sms,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zeetoo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeffclient, detected pypi license: None
zeffee, 404 - page not found
zegami-cli, detected pypi license: None
zegami-sdk,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zeigen,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeinab-handy, detected pypi license: None
zeit,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zeitapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeitgeist, detected pypi license: None
zeitgitterd,
AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zeither, detected pypi license: None
zeitig,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeit-msal,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeit-nightwatch,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeit-online,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeitsprung,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zeitzono,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeke, detected pypi license: None
zekeconv,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
zekrpack-reader,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zelda, detected pypi license: None
zeldarose,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zelenium,
GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zeliapdf, detected pypi license: None
zeligg, 404 - page not found
zelos,
AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zelos-crashd,
AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zelt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zemaxglass,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zembed,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zemberek-grpc,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zemberek-python,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zemfrog,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zemfrog-auth,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zemfrog-quasar,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zemfrog-resetdb,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zemfrog-test,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zemfrog-theme,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zems,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zen,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zenaton,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zenbot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zenbu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zencad,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zencelium,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zencheck,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zenchi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zencode,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zencoder,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zenconf,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zencore-json2csv,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zen-corpora,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zencrc,
GNU GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zendesk,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zendesk-api,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zendeskclient,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zendesk-client, detected pypi license: None
zendesk-django-auth, detected pypi license: None
zendesk-exporter, detected pypi license: None
zendeskhc, detected pypi license: None
zendesk-help-center-backer,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zendesk-helpcenter-cms, detected pypi license: None
zendesk-help-cms, detected pypi license: None
zendesk-integration,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zendesk-redactor,
Unlicense,
Unlicense,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zendesk-ticket-viewer,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zen-document-parser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zenduty-api, detected pypi license: None
zenefits-event-logger, 404 - page not found
zenetka,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zenfeed,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zen-fillet, detected pypi license: None
zenfilter,
3-clause BSD,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
zenframe,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zengapay,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zengge, detected pypi license: None
zenggewifi, detected pypi license: None
zenghui, detected pypi license: None
zengin-code,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zengine,
GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zen-grip, detected pypi license: None
zenhan,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zenhest,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zen-involute, detected pypi license: None
zenipy,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zenircbot-api,
Copyright (C) 2011 by Chris McDonald.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.,
Copyright C 2011 by Chris McDonald.

Permission is hereby granted free of charge to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files the Software to deal
in the Software without restriction including without limitation the rights
to use copy modify merge publish distribute sublicense and/or sell
copies of the Software and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT TORT OR OTHERWISE ARISING FROM
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE,
NOT Converted.
zenitai, detected pypi license: None
zenith, detected pypi license: None
zenity,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zenityshell,
Copyright (c) 2004-2012, Maxiste Deams, alis Patrick Riendeau.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * Neither the name of the <organization> nor the
      names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
      derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.,
Copyright c 2004-2012 Maxiste Deams alis Patrick Riendeau.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms with or without
modification are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * Neither the name of the <organization> nor the
      names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
      derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT INDIRECT INCIDENTAL SPECIAL EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES
LOSS OF USE DATA OR PROFITS OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY WHETHER IN CONTRACT STRICT LIABILITY OR TORT
INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE,
NOT Converted.
zenkly, detected pypi license: None
zenkpytone,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zen-lib,
MPL1.1 License,
MPL1.1 License,
NOT Converted.
zenlog,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zenlux, detected pypi license: None
zenmai, detected pypi license: None
zenmake,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zen-mechanizm, detected pypi license: None
zenml,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zenmoney,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zenner-nester, detected pypi license: None
zen-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zennit, detected pypi license: None
zennla,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zeno, detected pypi license: None
zenodio,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeno-distributions, detected pypi license: None
zenodo,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
zenodo-accessrequests,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
zenodoclient,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zenodo-client,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zenodo-get,
AGPL v3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zen-of-koli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zen-of-numpy, detected pypi license: None
zen-of-python-he,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zenoh, detected pypi license: None
zenomapper,
Apache license 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zenomatic, detected pypi license: None
zenon, detected pypi license: None
zenora,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zenoss,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zenossapiclient,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
zenoss-fork, detected pypi license: None
zenoss-hipchat,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zenoss-plugins,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zenoss-snmp-module,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
zenoss-toolbox,
Proprietary,
Proprietary,
NOT Converted.
zenpacks-lbn-base,
ZPL/2.1,
ZPL/2.1,
NOT Converted.
zenpacks-lbn-ldapmonitor,
ZPL/2.1,
ZPL/2.1,
NOT Converted.
zenpacks-lbn-zopemonitor,
ZPL/2.1,
ZPL/2.1,
NOT Converted.
zenpacks-oie-kannelmonitor,
ZPL/2.1,
ZPL/2.1,
NOT Converted.
zenpad,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zenpi,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zen-publish,
Apache License,
Apache License,
NOT Converted.
zenpy,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zen-py,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zenqueue,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zen-quotes,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zenroom,
AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zenroom-minimal, detected pypi license: None
zen-screw, detected pypi license: None
zen-screw-bolt, detected pypi license: None
zensend,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zenserp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zen-sj-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zensols-actioncli, detected pypi license: None
zensols-bibstract, detected pypi license: None
zensols-clojure, detected pypi license: None
zensols-db, detected pypi license: None
zensols-dbpg, detected pypi license: None
zensols-deeplearn, detected pypi license: None
zensols-deepnlp, detected pypi license: None
zensols-dltools, detected pypi license: None
zensols-garmdown, detected pypi license: None
zensols-grsync, detected pypi license: None
zensols-hostcon, detected pypi license: None
zensols-ngramdb, detected pypi license: None
zensols-nlp, detected pypi license: None
zensols-pybuild, detected pypi license: None
zensols-rbak, detected pypi license: None
zensols-util, detected pypi license: None
zensols-zotsite, detected pypi license: None
zen-spring, detected pypi license: None
zentinel,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zentool,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zentropi,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zentuxlog-client,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zenv, detected pypi license: None
zenv-cli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zenwarch,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeo,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zeo-connector,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeo-connector-defaults,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeoliteclusterizer,
Free for non-commercial use,
Free for non-commercial use,
NOT Converted.
zeomega-recipe-mxodbcconnect,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zeonapi,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zeorawdata,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zeo-winservice,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zepben-cimbend,
MPL 2.0,
MPL-2.0,
Converted.
zepben-evolve,
MPL 2.0,
MPL-2.0,
Converted.
zepben-protobuf,
Mozilla Public License v2.0,
MPL-2.0,
Converted.
zepel, detected pypi license: None
zeph,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zephserver,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zephyr,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zephyr-bootstrap, detected pypi license: None
zephyrpython27pkg, 404 - page not found
zephyrpython34pkg, 404 - page not found
zephyr-sdk, detected pypi license: None
zephyr-seis,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zephyr-uploader, detected pypi license: None
zephyrus-sc2-parser, detected pypi license: None
zepid,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zepl,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zepl-broker,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zepl-device,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
AGPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zepl-logging,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeplyn, detected pypi license: None
zeppelin-doc-zh, detected pypi license: None
zeppelin-handy-helpers,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeppelin-pyclient, detected pypi license: None
zeppelin-utils, detected pypi license: None
zeppi-convert,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeppi-convertx,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeppos-airflow,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zeppy, detected pypi license: None
zepster,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
zepto,
gpl-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zeptosoft, detected pypi license: None
zeptrionairapi, detected pypi license: None
zeptron, detected pypi license: None
zepusu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zepwn,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zequals,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zeras, detected pypi license: None
zerg,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zergmacroplot, detected pypi license: None
zerial,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zerigodns,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zermelo-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zernike,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
zero,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zeroae-cli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeroae-goblet,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
zerobin, detected pypi license: None
zerobounce, detected pypi license: None
zerobouncesdk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zero-buffer,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zerobug,
Affero GPL,
Affero GPL,
NOT Converted.
zerobugz, detected pypi license: None
zerobyt, detected pypi license: None
zerocalculatortest,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zerocater,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zerochan,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeroc-ice,
GPL v2 with exceptions,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
zeroc-icecertutils,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeroc-icehashpassword,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeroclient,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zero-common,
apache license v2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zeroconf,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
zeroconf2,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
zeroconf3,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeroconf-monkey,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
zeroconf-py2compat,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
zeroconf-service,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zerocrawler, detected pypi license: None
zerocrypt, detected pypi license: None
zerocue, detected pypi license: None
zerodb,
AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zerodbext-catalog,
BSD-derived http://www.repoze.org/LICENSE.txt,
BSD-derived http://www.repoze.org/LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zerodb-server,
AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zero-divisor-graph,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zerodoc,
GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zero-downtime-deploy,
The MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zero-downtime-migrations,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeroed,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zero-example, detected pypi license: None
zeroframe-ws-client,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zerofs, detected pypi license: None
zerogravity,
GPL>=3,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
zerogroup,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeroguard,
AGPL-3.0,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zeroguard-cli,
AGPL-3.0,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zeroguard-sdk,
AGPL-3.0,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zeroinger,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zerokspot-recipe-distutils,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zerokspot-recipe-git,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zerolab-django-email-views, 404 - page not found
zeroless,
LGPLv2+,
LGPL-2.0-or-later,
Converted.
zeroless-tools,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zerolib,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
zerolibs, detected pypi license: None
zeroloader-py, detected pypi license: None
zerolog, detected pypi license: None
zerologger,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeromessage,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeromq-pyre, detected pypi license: None
zeroncy,
GNU 3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zeronet,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeronimo,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeroone,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeropdk,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zerophone, detected pypi license: None
zerophone-api-daemon, detected pypi license: None
zerophone-hw, detected pypi license: None
zero-play, detected pypi license: None
zeropos,
GPL-3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zeropwn,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeropy, detected pypi license: None
zerorm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zerorpc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zerorpc2,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zerorpc-2,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zerorpc-statsd,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zeros,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zeroscale, detected pypi license: None
zeroseg-api,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeroseg-improved,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zerosms, detected pypi license: None
zero-socialauth,
apache license v2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zerotest,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeroth-client, detected pypi license: None
zero-thumbnails,
apache license v2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zerotier,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zerotk-clikit, detected pypi license: None
zerotk-easyfs, detected pypi license: None
zerotk-jenkins-job-builder,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zerotk-jenkins-job-builder-pipeline, detected pypi license: None
zerotk-lib,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zerotk-reraiseit, detected pypi license: None
zerotk-url2env,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zerotk-virtualenv-api,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zerotk-xml-factory, detected pypi license: None
zerotk-zops,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zero-two, detected pypi license: None
zero-users,
apache license v2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zerovm-sphinx-theme,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zerqu,
unknown,
unknown,
NOT Converted.
zerrphix,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zertoapilib, detected pypi license: None
zertoapl, detected pypi license: None
zerv,
GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zerz-test, detected pypi license: None
zes3t,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zesje, detected pypi license: None
zespa,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
zess-chapter3,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zess-chapter5,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zess-chapter6,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zess-chapter7,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zess-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zest, detected pypi license: None
zest-cachetuning,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zest-commentcleanup,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zest-emailhider,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zestful-parse-ingredient,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zest-ploneglossaryhighlight,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zest-pocompile,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zest-recipe-mysql,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
zest-releaser,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zestreleaser-towncrier,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zest-social,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zest-specialpaste,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zest-stabilizer,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zestyparser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zesty-poker,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zesty-zbs-api, detected pypi license: None
zesty-zbs-api-1621, detected pypi license: None
zesty-zbs-api-dev, detected pypi license: None
zest-zodbupdate,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zet, 404 - page not found
zeta,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zetalib,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
zetalibrary,
GNU LGPL,
GNU LGPL,
NOT Converted.
zetalytics-api, detected pypi license: None
zetane, detected pypi license: None
zetanize, detected pypi license: None
zetapush-python,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zetaseq, detected pypi license: None
zetastitcher,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
zetcode-zh, detected pypi license: None
zetest, detected pypi license: None
ze-the-scraper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zettelgeist,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zettelkasten,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zettels,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
zettlekasten,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zettwerk-clickmap,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zettwerk-fullcalendar,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zettwerk-i18nduder,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zettwerk-mailtemplates,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zettwerk-mobile,
gpl,
gpl,
NOT Converted.
zettwerk-mobiletheming,
gpl,
gpl,
NOT Converted.
zettwerk-ui,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zettwerk-users,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zetup,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zetuptools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeugma,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeus,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zeusasd, 404 - page not found
zeus-ci,
GPL-2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
zeus-client, detected pypi license: None
zeus-lab804,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zeus-log-parser,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeus-mcmc, detected pypi license: None
zeus-py-core-zurckz, 404 - page not found
zevcrack,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zevents,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zeversolar-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zevit-aih-sdk, detected pypi license: None
zevon, detected pypi license: None
zevvle-python-sdk, detected pypi license: None
zexceptions,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zexfn,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zeyrek,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zezfio,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zf, detected pypi license: None
zfapi, detected pypi license: None
zfc,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zfec,
GPL-2+,
GPL-2.0-or-later,
Converted.
zfhe, detected pypi license: None
zfhello,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zfit,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zfit-interface,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zfit-physics,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zflearnpipw, detected pypi license: None
zflix,
GPL V3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zflow,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zfnew, detected pypi license: None
zforeach,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
zformat,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
z-format,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zforms,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zfp, detected pypi license: None
zfpy, detected pypi license: None
zfpytest,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zfpyutils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zframework, detected pypi license: None
zfs, detected pypi license: None
zfs3backup,
LICENSE,
LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
zf-samplesprider, detected pypi license: None
zfs-autobackup, detected pypi license: None
zfs-backup,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zfs-check, detected pypi license: None
zfs-clone-manager,
LICENSE,
LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
zfslib,
BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zfs-replicate,
BSD-2-Clause,
BSD-2-Clause,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zfs-tools,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zfs-tools-zbackup,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zfstui, detected pypi license: None
zfs-uploader, detected pypi license: None
zfs-utils-osx,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zfun,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zfutils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zfxgtest, 404 - page not found
zg, detected pypi license: None
zg2p, 404 - page not found
zga, detected pypi license: None
zgeo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zgeo2, 404 - page not found
zgeo-atom,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zgeo-geographer,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zgeo-kml,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zgeo-plone-atom,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zgeo-plone-geographer,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zgeo-plone-kml,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zgeo-recipe-openlayers,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zgeo-spatialindex,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zgeo-wfs,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zget,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zgh0241,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zgitignore,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zgl,
contact developer,
contact developer,
NOT Converted.
zgoubi-metadata, detected pypi license: None
zgres,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zgtf, detected pypi license: None
zgtoolkit, detected pypi license: None
zgtools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zgulde, detected pypi license: None
zgw-auth-backend,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zgw-consumers,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zgy2sgz,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zgy-first-bao, detected pypi license: None
zh,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhang,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhang2016dependency,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhang4122738, detected pypi license: None
zhangbinnester, detected pypi license: None
zhangbin-test1, detected pypi license: None
zhangchao,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhangda, detected pypi license: None
zhanghao, detected pypi license: None
zhang-hello,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhanglei, detected pypi license: None
zhangpsuperlist, 404 - page not found
zhangpsupetlist, 404 - page not found
zhangte,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhang-test,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhangte-test, 404 - page not found
zhangwei-helper, detected pypi license: None
zhangwlgq,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhangxulong,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zhangyilong, detected pypi license: None
zhangyong87524,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhangyuyan,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhangyx-test-1,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
zhao,
GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3),
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zhao-test,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhaotiezhuang,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhaowenlei,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zhaoyangtest,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhaoyumotifgraph, 404 - page not found
zha-quirks,
Apache License Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zhash,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zhconv,
GPLv2+,
GPL-2.0-or-later,
Converted.
zh-dataset-inews,
Private,
Private,
NOT Converted.
zhdate, detected pypi license: None
zhdk, detected pypi license: None
zh-doclint,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhenbin-awesome-helloworld-script, detected pypi license: None
zheng, detected pypi license: None
zhengen-src,
GPL V3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zheshiwodemokuai1, detected pypi license: None
zheyang,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhfnote,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhihu,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zhihuapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhihu-cli,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhihu-oauth,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhihu-py3,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhihu-qrcode-login,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhihu-question-autopass-thrift, detected pypi license: None
zhihutool,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zhihuvapi,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zhimabot,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zhinst,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhinst-hdiq, detected pypi license: None
zhinst-qcodes,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhinst-toolkit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhiqiang, detected pypi license: None
zhiqing, detected pypi license: None
zhitools,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zhixuewang,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhjnester, detected pypi license: None
zhj-top, detected pypi license: None
zhk,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhlib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhlib-snapshot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhlint,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhlite,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhmc-ansible-modules,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zhmccli,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zhmcclient,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zhmc-prometheus-exporter,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zh-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhn-nester, detected pypi license: None
zhon,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhongguolib,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zhong-hong-hvac,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
zhongkui-core,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhonglp, detected pypi license: None
zhongzhuoragan, detected pypi license: None
zhongzhuproject, detected pypi license: None
zhora,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhot, detected pypi license: None
zhou, detected pypi license: None
zhouch22,
LGPL v3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zhouguochang, detected pypi license: None
zhoumingsupermath, detected pypi license: None
zhou-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhousay,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhouyao, detected pypi license: None
zhouyuanzhen,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zhouzhiqiang-guestbook,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhouzhiyong-test, detected pypi license: None
zhpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhpy3,
Type license() to see the full license text,
Type license to see the full license text,
NOT Converted.
zh-rasa,
Private,
Private,
NOT Converted.
zh-recover,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zhruby,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zh-segment,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zhsq-toolbox,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhtest,
BSD-derived http://www.repoze.org/LICENSE.txt,
BSD-derived http://www.repoze.org/LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zhtools, detected pypi license: None
zhttp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhtts,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhtw-print,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhudb, detected pypi license: None
zhue,
GPL3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zhugc-study-math, detected pypi license: None
zhuguli,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zhuhegege, detected pypi license: None
zhuhegegehahaha, detected pypi license: None
zhujiabinsuperman, detected pypi license: None
zhujiangyu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhujunhua-common,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zhulong, detected pypi license: None
zhulong2, detected pypi license: None
zhulong3, detected pypi license: None
zhulong4, detected pypi license: None
zhulong5, detected pypi license: None
zhu-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhupengfei-eleme,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhupengjuntest, detected pypi license: None
zhushengwen,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zhushixinqqq, detected pypi license: None
zhuxinyupakage-nester, detected pypi license: None
zhuyoucou, 404 - page not found
zhuzhibiao, detected pypi license: None
zhuzuwei-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhx, detected pypi license: None
zhy-dash-comp, detected pypi license: None
zhyuoct-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zhznester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zia,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ziafont, detected pypi license: None
ziamath, detected pypi license: None
zi-api-auth-client,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ziaplot, detected pypi license: None
zibal,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zibal-django,
MIT  # Example license,
MIT,
Converted.
zibalplatform,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zibekesu, detected pypi license: None
zibrato,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zicbee,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zicbee-gst,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zicbee-lib,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zicbee-mplayer,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zicbee-mpris,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zicbee-vlc,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zict,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zi-dct0, detected pypi license: None
zidiscord-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zif-gzipper,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zif-headincludes,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zif-jsmin,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zif-jsonserver,
ZPL2.1 and LGPL,
LGPL-2.1-only,
Converted.
zif-sedna,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zif-xtemplate, detected pypi license: None
zig, detected pypi license: None
zigate, detected pypi license: None
ziggeo,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
ziggie, detected pypi license: None
ziggof1broadcasts,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
ziggo-mediabox-xl,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
ziggonext,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
ziggonextpl, 404 - page not found
ziggonext-pl, 404 - page not found
ziggostatus,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
ziggurat,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
ziggurat-blueprint, detected pypi license: None
ziggurat-form, detected pypi license: None
ziggurat-foundations,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
ziggy,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
ziglang,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zigm,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zig-minesolver, detected pypi license: None
zignal,
The MIT License (MIT),
MIT,
Converted.
zignor,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zig-pdist, detected pypi license: None
zigpy,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zigpy-cc,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zigpy-deconz,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zigpy-homeassistant,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zigpy-xbee,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zigpy-xbee-homeassistant,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zigpy-zigate,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zigpy-znp,
GPL-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zigzag,
 BSD-3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
zihaopython,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zihaothird, detected pypi license: None
zihello, detected pypi license: None
zihin-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zi-i18n,
GPL GNU-3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ziim, detected pypi license: None
ziim-0-0-2, detected pypi license: None
zijin,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zijinlib,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zikaexamenes,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zikariauf4ex1,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zikauf4,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zikauf4final,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zik-dl,
GNU AGPLv3,
AGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zikt,
LGPL-3.0-only,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zilch,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zilepackagetest,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zilingo-airflow-utils-test, detected pypi license: None
zilingo-recomm-utils, detected pypi license: None
zilla,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zillabyte,
The MIT License (MIT) Copyright (c) 2013 Zillabyte Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .,
MIT,
Converted.
zillion,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zillionare,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zillionare-em,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zillionare-omega,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zillionare-omega-adaptors-jq,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zillionare-omicron,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zilliqa-etl, detected pypi license: None
zillow, detected pypi license: None
zillowapi, detected pypi license: None
zillowpy,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zilong, detected pypi license: None
zilonis, detected pypi license: None
zima,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zimagi,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zimbra-permissions-inspector, detected pypi license: None
zimfarm, detected pypi license: None
zimp,
apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zimple,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zimplewiki,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zimply,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zimply-core,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zimports,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zimpute,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zimscan,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zimscraperlib,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
zimsoap,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zimupy, detected pypi license: None
zimuzu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zinc,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zincbase,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zinc-cli, detected pypi license: None
zinc-dns, detected pypi license: None
zindex, detected pypi license: None
zineb,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zineb-scrapper,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zinebuildout,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zinfoexport, detected pypi license: None
zing,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zinggnnester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zinglplotter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zingynester, detected pypi license: None
zini,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zinifile,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
zinnia-drupal,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zinnia-spam-checker-akismet,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zinnia-spam-checker-mollom,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zinnia-theme-bootstrap,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zinnia-theme-bootstrap-4,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zinnia-theme-foundation,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zinnia-theme-html5,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zinnia-threaded-comments,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zinnia-to-puput,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zinnia-twitter,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zinnia-url-shortener-bitly,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zinnia-url-shortener-hashids,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zinnia-wysiwyg-ckeditor,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zinnia-wysiwyg-markitup,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zinnia-wysiwyg-tinymce,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zinnia-wysiwyg-wymeditor,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zinobe-dates,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zinspect,
'PSF',
PSF-2.0,
Converted.
zint,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zinterface,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
zinv-analysis, detected pypi license: None
zio,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
ziobro,
THE BEER-WARE LICENSE,
Beerware,
Converted.
zion,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zionpdf, detected pypi license: None
zio-py,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zip,
Revised BSD License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
zip2kafka, detected pypi license: None
zip2np,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zip3,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipa, detected pypi license: None
zipaccess,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zip-analyzer, detected pypi license: None
zipapi-us,
WTFPL,
WTFPL,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipapps,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zipath, detected pypi license: None
zipatopy,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zipbiaschecker, detected pypi license: None
zipch,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipcode,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipcodeignoresamethread,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipcodepy, 404 - page not found
zip-code-radius,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipcodes,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipcodes-in, detected pypi license: None
zipcode-to-map, detected pypi license: None
zipcodetw,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipcreator,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zipdbm,
ISC,
ISC,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zip-deploy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipdep-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipdir, detected pypi license: None
zip-dir, detected pypi license: None
zipdist,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipdop, detected pypi license: None
zipdump,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zipe,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipeggs,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zipencrypt, detected pypi license: None
zipexec,
GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3),
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zipf,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipfanalysis, detected pypi license: None
zipf-classifier,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipfeeder,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zipfelchappe,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zipfile2,
PSFL,
PSF-2.0,
Converted.
zipfile36, detected pypi license: None
zipfile37, detected pypi license: None
zipfile38, detected pypi license: None
zipfile39,
PSF,
PSF-2.0,
Converted.
zipfile-deflate64,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zip-files,
BSD license,
BSD license,
NOT Converted.
zipfile-zstd, detected pypi license: None
zipfix,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipfly, detected pypi license: None
zipfolder, detected pypi license: None
zip-folder-sync, detected pypi license: None
zipfreeinfo,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zipfs, detected pypi license: None
zip-gene-test-data, detected pypi license: None
zipget, detected pypi license: None
zipgun,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ziphmm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ziphyr,
Apache Software License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zip-import,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipimportx,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zipit, detected pypi license: None
zipkin,
Apache2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zipkin-query, 404 - page not found
zipline,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zipline-ai, detected pypi license: None
zipline-ai-dev, detected pypi license: None
zipline-bitmex,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zipline-cn-databundle, detected pypi license: None
zipline-cn-extension,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zipline-django-pyodbc-azure,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zipline-live,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zipline-live2,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zipline-live2-vk,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zipline-norgatedata,
EULA,
EULA,
NOT Converted.
zipline-poloniex,
mit,
MIT,
Converted.
zipline-reloaded,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zipline-trader,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zipload, detected pypi license: None
zipls,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zipmigo, detected pypi license: None
zipnish,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zip-open,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zipp, detected pypi license: None
zippath, detected pypi license: None
zipped-album-player, detected pypi license: None
zipper,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zipper-easy-module, detected pypi license: None
zippie,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zippity,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zippo, detected pypi license: None
zippy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zippydoc,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zippy-ip-scanner,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zippy-pipeline,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zippyshare-downloader,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zippyshare-generator,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zipreport,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipreport-lib,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ziproto, detected pypi license: None
zips,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipseeker, detected pypi license: None
zip-shotgun,
GNU General Public License v3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zipstream,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zipstreamer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zipstream-new, detected pypi license: None
zipstream-new-2, detected pypi license: None
zipstream-ng,
LGPLv3,
LGPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
ziptastic-python,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zip-tax,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
ziptests,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ziptools,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
ziptz,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zipunicode,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ziqiang, detected pypi license: None
zirc,
GNU,
GNU,
NOT Converted.
zirkus, detected pypi license: None
ziroom-watcher,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zirpu-utils, detected pypi license: None
zisan,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zish, detected pypi license: None
zish-antlr, detected pypi license: None
zisraw,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zissou, detected pypi license: None
zita,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zither,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
ziti,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zitpyvat,
None,
None,
NOT Converted.
ziu,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
ziva,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zivid,
BSD 3-Clause,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
ziviz, detected pypi license: None
ziwia,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zixi-api, detected pypi license: None
zizu-first-package, detected pypi license: None
zj, detected pypi license: None
zjb, 404 - page not found
zjecfsdagl, detected pypi license: None
zjk-try, detected pypi license: None
zjlang, detected pypi license: None
zjl-zhaijiali-py, detected pypi license: None
zjq, detected pypi license: None
zju-hitcarder, 404 - page not found
zjunweidemo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zjunwei-demo, 404 - page not found
zjunwei-demo1, 404 - page not found
zjw, detected pypi license: None
zjwbox, detected pypi license: None
zjw-pkgdemo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zjwt,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zjy-demo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zjy-easyplot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zjypython1, detected pypi license: None
zk, detected pypi license: None
zk225-probability, detected pypi license: None
zk2jy360, detected pypi license: None
zkaffold,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zkan,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zk-athletelist,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zkbattleship, detected pypi license: None
zkcelery,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zk-cli, detected pypi license: None
zkclient,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zkcluster,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zkcryptopairing, detected pypi license: None
zkcurvefit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zkdaddy, detected pypi license: None
zkdatabuilder,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zkdumpreader,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zkeys,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zk-flock,
GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 3, 29 June 2007

 Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/>
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.


  This version of the GNU Lesser General Public License incorporates
the terms and conditions of version 3 of the GNU General Public
License, supplemented by the additional permissions listed below.

  0. Additional Definitions.

  As used herein, "this License" refers to version 3 of the GNU Lesser
General Public License, and the "GNU GPL" refers to version 3 of the GNU
General Public License.

  "The Library" refers to a covered work governed by this License,
other than an Application or a Combined Work as defined below.

  An "Application" is any work that makes use of an interface provided
by the Library, but which is not otherwise based on the Library.
Defining a subclass of a class defined by the Library is deemed a mode
of using an interface provided by the Library.

  A "Combined Work" is a work produced by combining or linking an
Application with the Library.  The particular version of the Library
with which the Combined Work was made is also called the "Linked
Version".

  The "Minimal Corresponding Source" for a Combined Work means the
Corresponding Source for the Combined Work, excluding any source code
for portions of the Combined Work that, considered in isolation, are
based on the Application, and not on the Linked Version.

  The "Corresponding Application Code" for a Combined Work means the
object code and/or source code for the Application, including any data
and utility programs needed for reproducing the Combined Work from the
Application, but excluding the System Libraries of the Combined Work.

  1. Exception to Section 3 of the GNU GPL.

  You may convey a covered work under sections 3 and 4 of this License
without being bound by section 3 of the GNU GPL.

  2. Conveying Modified Versions.

  If you modify a copy of the Library, and, in your modifications, a
facility refers to a function or data to be supplied by an Application
that uses the facility (other than as an argument passed when the
facility is invoked), then you may convey a copy of the modified
version:

   a) under this License, provided that you make a good faith effort to
   ensure that, in the event an Application does not supply the
   function or data, the facility still operates, and performs
   whatever part of its purpose remains meaningful, or

   b) under the GNU GPL, with none of the additional permissions of
   this License applicable to that copy.

  3. Object Code Incorporating Material from Library Header Files.

  The object code form of an Application may incorporate material from
a header file that is part of the Library.  You may convey such object
code under terms of your choice, provided that, if the incorporated
material is not limited to numerical parameters, data structure
layouts and accessors, or small macros, inline functions and templates
(ten or fewer lines in length), you do both of the following:

   a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the object code that the
   Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are
   covered by this License.

   b) Accompany the object code with a copy of the GNU GPL and this license
   document.

  4. Combined Works.

  You may convey a Combined Work under terms of your choice that,
taken together, effectively do not restrict modification of the
portions of the Library contained in the Combined Work and reverse
engineering for debugging such modifications, if you also do each of
the following:

   a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the Combined Work that
   the Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are
   covered by this License.

   b) Accompany the Combined Work with a copy of the GNU GPL and this license
   document.

   c) For a Combined Work that displays copyright notices during
   execution, include the copyright notice for the Library among
   these notices, as well as a reference directing the user to the
   copies of the GNU GPL and this license document.

   d) Do one of the following:

       0) Convey the Minimal Corresponding Source under the terms of this
       License, and the Corresponding Application Code in a form
       suitable for, and under terms that permit, the user to
       recombine or relink the Application with a modified version of
       the Linked Version to produce a modified Combined Work, in the
       manner specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL for conveying
       Corresponding Source.

       1) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the
       Library.  A suitable mechanism is one that (a) uses at run time
       a copy of the Library already present on the user's computer
       system, and (b) will operate properly with a modified version
       of the Library that is interface-compatible with the Linked
       Version.

   e) Provide Installation Information, but only if you would otherwise
   be required to provide such information under section 6 of the
   GNU GPL, and only to the extent that such information is
   necessary to install and execute a modified version of the
   Combined Work produced by recombining or relinking the
   Application with a modified version of the Linked Version. (If
   you use option 4d0, the Installation Information must accompany
   the Minimal Corresponding Source and Corresponding Application
   Code. If you use option 4d1, you must provide the Installation
   Information in the manner specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL
   for conveying Corresponding Source.)

  5. Combined Libraries.

  You may place library facilities that are a work based on the
Library side by side in a single library together with other library
facilities that are not Applications and are not covered by this
License, and convey such a combined library under terms of your
choice, if you do both of the following:

   a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work based
   on the Library, uncombined with any other library facilities,
   conveyed under the terms of this License.

   b) Give prominent notice with the combined library that part of it
   is a work based on the Library, and explaining where to find the
   accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

  6. Revised Versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License.

  The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions
of the GNU Lesser General Public License from time to time. Such new
versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may
differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

  Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the
Library as you received it specifies that a certain numbered version
of the GNU Lesser General Public License "or any later version"
applies to it, you have the option of following the terms and
conditions either of that published version or of any later version
published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Library as you
received it does not specify a version number of the GNU Lesser
General Public License, you may choose any version of the GNU Lesser
General Public License ever published by the Free Software Foundation.

  If the Library as you received it specifies that a proxy can decide
whether future versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License shall
apply, that proxy's public statement of acceptance of any version is
permanent authorization for you to choose that version for the
Library.,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zkg,
University of Illinois/NCSA Open Source License,
NCSA,
Converted.
zk-grpc,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zkie,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zkill-searchf, detected pypi license: None
zkit,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zklib,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zklibweb,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zklmp,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zklock,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zk-logo-maker,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
zk-luks,
LICENSE.TXT,
LICENSE.TXT,
NOT Converted.
zk-monitor,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zk-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zk-pkg, detected pypi license: None
zkpytb,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zkpython,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zkrg,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zk-rn-lib-maker,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
zksampleproject, 404 - page not found
zk-screenshot-maker,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
zk-shell,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
zksk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zksync, detected pypi license: None
zktool, detected pypi license: None
zktools,
MPLv2.0,
MPL-2.0,
Converted.
zktop,
Apache v2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zktraffic,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
zku,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zkviz, detected pypi license: None
zk-watcher,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zkw-z, detected pypi license: None
zkyhaxpy, detected pypi license: None
zl, detected pypi license: None
zlab,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zla-class, detected pypi license: None
zla-forecast, detected pypi license: None
zlairflow, detected pypi license: None
zlapp, detected pypi license: None
zlc-get-time, detected pypi license: None
zlcollector,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zlest, detected pypi license: None
zlest1, detected pypi license: None
zlfmodule, detected pypi license: None
zlgg, detected pypi license: None
zlgp, detected pypi license: None
zlhawq, detected pypi license: None
zlib-state, detected pypi license: None
zlibtui, detected pypi license: None
zlib-wrapper,
GNU 3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zlightjwt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zlightsimplejwt,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zlink,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zlist,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zljmail,
mit,
MIT,
Converted.
zllrp,
GNU General Public License,
GNU General Public License,
NOT Converted.
zlmdb,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zlocated-central-repo-updater,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zlodziej-crawler, detected pypi license: None
zlog,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zlogger,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
zlogging,
BSD License,
BSD License,
NOT Converted.
zlogo, detected pypi license: None
zloipassgen-pkg-zlomorda, detected pypi license: None
zlparse, detected pypi license: None
zlsender,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zlshare,
Apache License v2,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zlshenpi, detected pypi license: None
zlsrc, detected pypi license: None
zlsys, detected pypi license: None
zltask, detected pypi license: None
zlx,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zlyq-python-sdk,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
zly-resource,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zly-resource-module,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zm,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zmail,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
zmanim, detected pypi license: None
zmap, detected pypi license: None
zmapio,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zmappy, detected pypi license: None
zmarketo,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zmath,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zmats,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zm-au,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zmazino,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zmb-distributions, detected pypi license: None
zmcat,
UNLICENSE,
Unlicense,
Converted.
zmcintegral, detected pypi license: None
zmcon,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zm-dsnd-probability, detected pypi license: None
zmei,
Private,
Private,
NOT Converted.
zmei-cli,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zmei-gen,
Private,
Private,
NOT Converted.
zmei-gen-flutter,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zmei-utils, detected pypi license: None
zmesh,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
zmfcli, detected pypi license: None
zmg,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zmgtest1,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zmicroservices,
LGPL+BSD,
LGPL+BSD,
NOT Converted.
zmipc,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zml, detected pypi license: None
z-ml-utils,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zmodels,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zmon-cli,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zmongo,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
zmongo-filter,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zmon-worker,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zmop,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zmote,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zm-py,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
zmq,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zmqc,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zmq-cache, detected pypi license: None
zmq-cache-client, detected pypi license: None
zmqcs,
CC0 1.0 Universal,
CC0-1.0,
Converted.
zmqdecorators,
GNU LGPL,
GNU LGPL,
NOT Converted.
zmqdump,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zmqf, detected pypi license: None
zmqfan,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zmqfirewall,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zmqflp, detected pypi license: None
zmq-helpers,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zmq-legos, detected pypi license: None
zmq-lightweight-messaging,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zmq-message-patterns,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zmqmin,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zmqnumpy,
mit,
MIT,
Converted.
zmq-object-exchanger,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
zmq-ops, detected pypi license: None
zmq-plugin,
LGPLv2.1,
LGPL-2.1-only,
Converted.
zmqpy,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zmq-py, detected pypi license: None
zmqrpc,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zmq-rpc, detected pypi license: None
zmq-service-tools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zmq-ses-communications,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zms, 404 - page not found
zms3,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zmsai,
GPLv3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zmsgcentre,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE,
NOT Converted.
zmtestlib, 404 - page not found
zmtools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zmuser,
MIT Licence,
MIT,
Converted.
zmz,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zmzget,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zmzmdr,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zn, detected pypi license: None
znail,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
znake,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
znanija,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
znbdownload,
BSD, see LICENSE file,
BSD see LICENSE file,
NOT Converted.
znbstatic,
BSD, see LICENSE file,
BSD see LICENSE file,
NOT Converted.
znck,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
znc-web-logs, detected pypi license: None
znester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
znester1026, detected pypi license: None
znet,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
znfthink, detected pypi license: None
znhello, detected pypi license: None
znlp, detected pypi license: None
znop,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
znproject, detected pypi license: None
znpyobject, detected pypi license: None
z-number,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zny-yespower-0-5, detected pypi license: None
znz-spider,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zo, detected pypi license: None
zoauth,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zobepy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zocalo,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zocalo-dls,
BSD license,
BSD license,
NOT Converted.
zodb,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zodb3,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zodbbrowser,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zodb-cm,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zodbcode,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zodbpickle,
PSFL 2 and ZPL 2.1,
PSF-2.0,
Converted.
zodb-py3migrate,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zodbshootout,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
zodbtools,
GPLv3+ with wide exception for Open-Source; ZPL 2.1,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
zodbupdate,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zodbupgrade,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zodburi,
BSD-derived http://www.repoze.org/LICENSE.txt,
BSD-derived http://www.repoze.org/LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zodbverify,
GNU General Public License v2 (GPLv2),
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
zodiac-sign,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zodiac-sutime,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
zodict,
Python Software Foundation License,
PSF-2.0,
Converted.
zoe,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
zoe-analytics,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zoefirst,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zoegas,
License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zoek, detected pypi license: None
zoembed,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zoepg,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
zoe-py,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoetrope, detected pypi license: None
zoey-distributions, detected pypi license: None
zoeymathgo, detected pypi license: None
zoey-nester,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zof,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zogutils, detected pypi license: None
zogyp,
General Public License v3.0,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zoho-analytics-connector,
MPL-2.0,
MPL-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zohoapi,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zohoautomate,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zohobooks-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zohocrmapi, detected pypi license: None
zohocrm-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoho-crm-connector,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zohocrm-python,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zohocrmsdk2-0, detected pypi license: None
zohodocs,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zohoreader,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoia,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoid,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zoids,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoink-sftp,
LGPL,
LGPL,
NOT Converted.
zojax-mr-gae,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zokket,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zokrates-pycrypto, detected pypi license: None
zoldyck,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zolenmeyer,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zolocal,
GNU General Public License v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zoloto,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zoltpy, detected pypi license: None
zomathon,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zomato-distribution-api, detected pypi license: None
zomatopy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zomato-sdk,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zombase,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zombie,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zombieadventure,
LICENSE.txt,
LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zombieagent,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zombiebattleground, detected pypi license: None
zombie-core,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zombiedice,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zombie-dice, detected pypi license: None
zombie-translator,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zonar-ds-env-arg-parser, detected pypi license: None
zonar-ds-logger, detected pypi license: None
zonarpy,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zonda, 404 - page not found
zone,
PRIVATE,
PRIVATE,
NOT Converted.
zone2gandi,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zone53,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zone-api,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zonebot,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
zonecheck,
Apache-2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zonecreate,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zonefile,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zone-file,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zone-file-parser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zonefile-parser,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoneplanningteam, detected pypi license: None
zoner,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zonic,
MIT license,
MIT,
Converted.
zonys, detected pypi license: None
zoo,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoo-animal-classification,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zooboss,
BSD 3-Clause License,
BSD-3-Clause,
Converted.
zoobot, detected pypi license: None
zoobus,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zoochory,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoocli,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zoo-cmd,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
zoocut,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoodle,
GPLv3+,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Converted.
zoodumper, detected pypi license: None
zookeeper,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zookeeper-healthcheck,
Apache License 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zookeeper-monitor,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zookeeper-watcher,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zool, detected pypi license: None
zoolander,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoom,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoomascii,
BSD,
BSD,
NOT Converted.
zoom-audio-transcribe, detected pypi license: None
zoombot,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoom-client,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoomconnect-sdk, detected pypi license: None
zoomdl, 404 - page not found
zoomdl-2, detected pypi license: None
zoome, detected pypi license: None
zoomer,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoomeye, detected pypi license: None
zoomeye-dev, 404 - page not found
zoomeye-python, detected pypi license: None
zoomeye-sdk,
GPL-2.0,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
zoomfoundry, detected pypi license: None
zoomg,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoom-kurokesu, detected pypi license: None
zoomlinkmap,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zoom-meet-attendance-visualizer, detected pypi license: None
zoom-narrator,
GNU GPL v3,
GPL-3.0-only,
Converted.
zoomrlib,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
GPL-3.0-or-later,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoom-shortener,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zoom-toolkit,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoom-tormysql,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoomus,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
zoom-us,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
zoomus2,
Apache Software License,
Apache Software License,
NOT Converted.
zoomwrap,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoomy, detected pypi license: None
zoonado,
Apache,
Apache,
NOT Converted.
zooniverse-dump, detected pypi license: None
zoonomia,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoop,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zooper-client,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zooper-common,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zooper-datasets,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zooper-premium-handbags-dataset,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zooper-sport-cars-brand-dataset,
Apache License, Version 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zoopla,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoopt,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zoop-wrapper, detected pypi license: None
zoort,
Copyright 2014 Yohan Graterol

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.,
Copyright 2014 Yohan Graterol

Permission is hereby granted free of charge to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files the Software to deal
in the Software without restriction including without limitation the rights
to use copy modify merge publish distribute sublicense and/or sell
copies of the Software and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT TORT OR OTHERWISE ARISING FROM
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE,
NOT Converted.
zoosrv,
MIT License,
MIT,
Converted.
zoosync,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zoot, detected pypi license: None
zooz-python,
Apache 2.0,
Apache-2.0,
Converted.
zopache-pagetemplate,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zopache-pythonscript,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zopaclient,
LGPL 2.0,
LGPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
zope,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope2,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope2-bootstrap,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zope2instance,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zope2-sessioncookie,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope2-zodbbrowser,
GPLv2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
zope3app, detected pypi license: None
zope-annotation,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-apidoc,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-annotation,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-apidoc,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-applicationcontrol,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-appsetup,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-authentication,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-basicskin,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-boston,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-broken,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-cache,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-catalog,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-component,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-container,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-content,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-dav,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-debug,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-debugskin,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-dependable,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-dtmlpage,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-dublincore,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-error,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-exception,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-externaleditor,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-file,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-folder,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-form,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-fssync,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-ftp,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-generations,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-homefolder,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-http,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-i18n,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-i18nfile,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-interface,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-interpreter,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-intid,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-keyreference,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-layers,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-applicationcontrol,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-locales,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-localpermission,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-locking,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-module,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-onlinehelp,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-pagetemplate,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-pluggableauth,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-preference,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-preview,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-principalannotation,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-publication,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-publisher,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-pythonpage,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-renderer,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-rotterdam,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-schema,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-security,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-securitypolicy,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-server,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-session,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-skins,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-sqlexpr,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-sqlscript,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-testing,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-traversing,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-tree,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-twisted,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-undo,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-versioncontrol,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-wfmc,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-workflow,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-wsgi,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-xmlrpcintrospection,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-zapi,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-zcmlfiles,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-zopeappgenerations,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-app-zptpage,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-authentication,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-bforest,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-broken,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-browser,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-browsermenu,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-browserpage,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-browserresource,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-cachedescriptors,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-catalog,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-component,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-componentvocabulary,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-configuration,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-container,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-contentprovider,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-contenttype,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-cooties,
BSD-derived http://www.repoze.org/LICENSE.txt,
BSD-derived http://www.repoze.org/LICENSE.txt,
NOT Converted.
zope-copy,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-copypastemove,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-datetime,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-decorator,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-deferredimport,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-dependencytool,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-deprecation,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-documenttemplate,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-dottedname,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-dublincore,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-error,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-errorview,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-event,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-exceptions,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-fanstatic,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-file,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-filerepresentation,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-fixers,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
zope-fixtures,
UNKNOWN,
UNKNOWN,
NOT Converted.
zope-formlib,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-fssync,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-generations,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-globalrequest,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
zopehealthwatcher,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zope-hookable,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-html,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-httpform,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-httpformdate,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-i18n,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-i18nmessageid,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-index,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zopeinterface, 404 - page not found
zope-interface,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-intid,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-introspector, detected pypi license: None
zope-introspectorui,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-keyreference,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-kgs,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-lifecycleevent,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-location,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-locking,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-login,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-lrr-analyzer,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zopemetadatamaker,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zope-mimetype,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-minmax,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-mkzeoinstance,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-modulealias,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zopen-frs,
Private,
Private,
NOT Converted.
zope-optionalextension,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-outputchecker,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-pagetemplate,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-password,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-paste,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-pluggableauth,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-preference,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-principalannotation,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-principalregistry,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-processlifetime,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zopeproject,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
zope-proxy,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-psycopgda,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-ptresource,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-publisher,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-pypisupport,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-pytest,
ZPL,
ZPL,
NOT Converted.
zope-ramcache,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-rdb,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-release,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-renderer,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-schema,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-schemaevent,
gpl,
gpl,
NOT Converted.
zope-security,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-securitypolicy,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-sendmail,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-sequencesort,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-server,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-session,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-site,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-size,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zopeskel,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zopeskel-browserlayer,
GPL 2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
zopeskel-dexterity,
GPL 2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
zopeskel-diazochildtheme,
GPL 2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
zopeskel-diazotheme,
GPL 2,
GPL-2.0-only,
Converted.
zopeskel-doctools,
MIT,
MIT,
Pypi provided an SPDX id.
zopeskel-niteoweb,
GPL,
GPL,
NOT Converted.
zopeskel-unis,
CeCill-B,
CECILL-B,
Converted.
zope-sqlalchemy,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-structuredtext,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-tal,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-tales,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.
zope-testbrowser,
ZPL 2.1,
ZPL-2.1,
Converted.